

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000091419-19-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190617
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190617
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			J M SMUCKER Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000091419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FRUITS
 VEG & PRESERVES
 JAMS & JELLIES [2033]
		IRS NUMBER:				340538550
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05111
		FILM NUMBER:		19901489
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE STRAWBERRY LANE
		CITY:			ORRVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44667
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3306823000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE STRAWBERRY LANE
		CITY:			ORRVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44667
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMUCKER J M CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703












		


WASHINGTON
April&#160;30
Orrville
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common shares
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
The aggregate market value of the common shares held by nonaffiliates of the registrant at October&#160;31
 2018
$11
679
828
. As of June&#160;10
 2019
113
742
August&#160;14
 2019
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
&#32;The J. M. Smucker Company (&#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;registrant
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 often referred to as Smucker&#8217;s (a registered trademark)
 was established in 1897 and incorporated in Ohio in 1921. We operate principally in one industry
 the manufacturing and marketing of branded food and beverage products on a worldwide basis
 although the majority of our sales are in the U.S. Our operations outside the U.S. are principally in Canada
 although products are exported to other countries as well. Net sales outside the U.S.
 subject to foreign currency translation
. Our branded food and beverage products include a strong portfolio of trusted
 iconic
On May&#160;14
 2018
 we completed the acquisition of Ainsworth Pet Nutrition
 LLC (&#8220;Ainsworth&#8221;)
 a leading producer
 distributor
 and marketer of premium pet food and pet snacks
brand
 which is driving significant growth in the premium pet food category. The all-cash transaction
 which was funded with debt
. For further information
On August 31
 2018
 we sold our U.S. baking business to Brynwood Partners VII L.P. and Brynwood Partners VIII L.P.
 subsidiaries of Brynwood Partners
 an unrelated party. The transaction included products that were primarily sold in U.S. retail channels under the 
 


brands
 along with all relevant trademarks and licensing agreements
 and our manufacturing facility in Toledo
&#32;in 2018. The transaction did not include our baking business in Canada. For further information
On March&#160;23
 2015
 we completed the acquisition of Big Heart Pet Brands (&#8220;Big Heart&#8221;)
 a leading producer
 distributor
 and marketer of premium
 branded pet food and pet snacks in the U.S. The cash and stock transaction was valued at $5.9 billion
 which included the issuance of 17.9 million shares of our common stock to the shareholders of Blue Acquisition Group
 Inc.
We have four reportable segments: U.S. Retail Coffee
 U.S. Retail Consumer Foods
 U.S. Retail Pet Foods
April&#160;30
 2019
 are coffee
 dog food
 pet snacks
 cat food
 peanut butter
 fruit spreads
 frozen handheld products
 shortening and oils
 portion control products
 juices and beverages
 and flour and baking ingredients. Product sales information for the years 
 
In the U.S. retail market segments
 our products are primarily sold through a combination of direct sales and brokers to food retailers
 club stores
 pet specialty stores
 discount and dollar stores
 food wholesalers
 online retailers
 drug stores
 natural foods stores and distributors
 military commissaries
 and mass merchandisers. In the International and Away From Home segment
 our products are distributed domestically and in foreign countries through retail channels and foodservice distributors and operators (e.g.
 restaurants
 lodging
 schools and universities
&#32;The raw materials used in each of our segments are primarily commodities and agricultural-based products. Green coffee
 peanuts
 animal protein meals
 oils and fats
 sweeteners
 grains
 fruit
 and other ingredients are obtained from various suppliers. The availability
 quality
 and costs of many of these commodities have fluctuated
 and may continue to fluctuate
 over time. Basis
 futures
 options
 and fixed price contracts are used to manage price volatility for a significant portion of our commodity costs. Green coffee
 along with certain other raw materials
 is sourced solely from foreign countries and its supply and price is subject to high volatility due to factors such as weather
 global supply and demand
 plant disease
 investor speculation
 and political and economic conditions in the source countries. We source peanuts
 animal protein meals
 and oils and fats mainly from North America. The principal packaging materials we use are plastic
 glass
 metal cans
 caps
 carton board
purchase
Raw materials are generally available from numerous sources
 although we have elected to source certain plastic packaging materials from single sources of supply pursuant to long-term contracts. While availability may vary year-to-year
April&#160;30
 2019
 are listed below. 


 




 
 


&#32;is a registered trademark of DD IP Holder LLC used under two licenses (the &#8220;Dunkin&#8217; Licenses&#8221;) for packaged coffee products
&#32;pods
 sold in retail channels such as grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
&#32;restaurants. The terms of the Dunkin&#8217; Licenses include the payment of royalties to an affiliate of DD IP Holder LLC and other financial commitments by the Company. The Dunkin&#8217; Licenses are in effect until January&#160;1
&#32;are trademarks of Keurig Green Mountain
 Inc. (&#8220;Keurig&#8221;)
 used with permission. In addition
 we and our subsidiaries license the use of several other trademarks
Slogans or designs considered to be important trademarks include
 without limitation
With A Name Like Smucker&#8217;s
 It Has To Be Good



Goodness Gracious
 It&#8217;s Good


&#32;banner
 the Crock Jar shape
 the Gingham design
 the Mountain Grown design
&#32;Strawberry

 
We own several hundred patents worldwide in addition to proprietary trade secrets
 technology
 know-how processes
We consider all of our owned and licensed intellectual property
 taken as a whole
&#32;The U.S. Retail Coffee and U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segments have historically been seasonal around the Fall Bake and Holiday period
As a result of the U.S. baking business divestiture during the second quarter of&#160;2019
 we expect that the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment will experience less seasonality. Additionally
 the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 which grew during 2019 as a result of the Ainsworth acquisition during the first quarter
 does not experience significant seasonality
&#32;Working capital requirements have historically been greatest during the first half of our fiscal year mainly due to the timing of the buildup of coffee
 oil
 and baking inventories necessary to support the Fall Bake and Holiday period and the additional buildup of coffee inventory in advance of the Atlantic hurricane season. The impact of seasonality on our overall working capital requirements has been partially reduced by the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
&#32;percent
&#32;percent
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively. These sales are primarily included in the U.S. retail market segments. No other customer exceeded 10 percent of net sales during 
 
 or 
 our top 10 customers
 collectively
 accounted for approximately 60 percent of consolidated net sales. Supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
 and food distributors continue to consolidate
 and we expect that a significant portion of our revenues will continue to be derived from a limited number of customers. Although the loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits
Generally
 orders are filled within a few days of receipt
&#32;We are the branded market leader in the coffee
 dog snacks
 peanut butter
 fruit spreads
 natural shelf stable juices
 shortening
 and ice cream toppings categories in the U.S. In Canada
 we are the branded market leader in the flour
 pickles
 fruit spreads
 canned milk
 shortening
In order to remain competitive
 companies in the food industry need to consider emerging consumer preferences
 technological advances
 product and packaging innovations
 and the growth of certain retail channels
e-commerce market. The primary ways in which products and brands are distinguished are brand recognition
 product quality
 price
 packaging
 new product introductions
 nutritional value
 convenience
 advertising
 promotion
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. Positive factors pertaining to our competitive position include well-recognized brands
 high-quality products
 consumer trust
 experienced brand and category management
 a single national grocery broker in the U.S.
 varied product offerings
 product innovation
 good customer service
The packaged foods industry has been challenged by a general decline in sales volume in the center of the store. Certain evolving consumer trends have contributed to the decline
 such as a heightened focus on health and wellness
 an increased desire for fresh foods
 and the growing impact of social media and e-commerce on consumer behavior. To address these dynamics
In addition
 private label continues to be a competitor in many of the categories in which we compete
 partially due to improvements in private label quality and the increased emphasis of store brands by retailers in an effort to cultivate customer loyalty. In our total U.S. retail categories
 private label held a 16.6 dollar average market share during the 52 weeks ended April 21
 2019
 as compared to a 16.4 dollar average market share during the same period in the prior year. We believe that both private label and leading brands play an important role in the categories in which we compete
 appealing to different consumer segments. We closely monitor the price gap or price premium between our brands and private label brands
April&#160;30
 2019
 are listed below.
 
F. Gavi&#241;a &amp; Sons
Dunkin&#8217; Donuts
 Folgers
 Caf&#233; Bustelo
McCafe
 Maxwell House
Conagra Brands
Tyson Foods
Meow Mix
 Kibbles &#8216;n Bits
 9Lives
 
 One
 Beneful
 Cat Chow
 Friskies
 Kit &amp; Kaboodle
Pedigree
 Iams
Mars
Mars
General Mills
Mars
Hill&#8217;s Pet Nutrition
Heinz
 Welch&#8217;s
(A)   Identifies the current market leader within the product category. In certain categories
&#32;is the market leader within the shortening category. In the oils category
 private label brands
 collectively
&#32;Compliance with environmental regulations and environmental sustainability is a key strategic focus as we consider it to be our responsibility as a good corporate citizen. We have public goals related to waste diversion
 water usage intensity reduction
 and greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction. We have implemented and manage a variety of programs across our operations
 including energy optimization
 the utilization of renewable energy
 water conservation
 the reuse of resources
 and the support of farmers who implement sustainable practices
Compliance with the provisions of enacted or pending federal
 state
 and local environmental regulations regarding either the discharge of materials into the environment or the protection of the environment is not expected to have a material effect upon our capital expenditures
 earnings
April&#160;30
 2019
 we had approximately 7
400 full-time employees worldwide
&#32;percent
&#32;manufacturing locations
 are covered by union contracts. These contracts vary in term depending on location
&#32;contracts expiring in 2020
The names
 ages as of June&#160;15
 2019
 and current positions of our executive officers are listed below. All executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors
Senior Vice President and General Manager
Senior Vice President
 Corporate Strategy
 M&amp;A
Senior Vice President
Senior Vice President
President
Senior Vice President
Senior Vice President and General Manager
Mr.&#160;Richard Smucker was elected to his present position in May 2016
Mr.&#160;Mark Smucker was elected to his present position in May 2016
 having served as President and President
 Consumer and Natural Foods since April 2015. Prior to that time
 he served as President
Mr.&#160;Belgya was elected to his present position in May 2016
Ms. Floyd was elected to her present position in February 2018
 having served as Vice President and General Manager
 Foodservice since February 2016. Prior to that time
 she served as Vice President
Ms. Held was elected to her present position in July 2018
 having served as Senior Vice President
 Strategy and M&amp;A since March 2018. Prior to that time
 she served as Vice President
 Corporate Strategy and Development since May 2016 and Director
Mr. Jackson was elected to his present position in June 2018
 having served as Senior Vice President
 U.S. Retail Sales and Marketing Services since February 2018. Prior to that time
 he served as Senior Vice President
 U.S. Retail Sales and Market Development Organization since October 2017
 Vice President
 U.S. Retail Sales and Market Development Organization since January 2016
 and Vice President and General Manager
Ms.&#160;Knudsen was elected to her present position in May 2016
 having served as Vice President
Mr.&#160;Lemmon was elected to his present position in June 2018
 having served as President
 Canada
 International
U. S. Away From Home since August 2017. Prior to that time
 he served as Vice President and General Manager
 International since January 2016
 Vice President and Managing Director
 Canada and International since April 2015
 and Vice President and Managing Director
Ms.&#160;Penrose was elected to her present position in May 2016
 having served as Vice President
 Human Resources since June 2014. Prior to that time
 she served as Vice President
Mr. Stanziano was elected to his present position in February 2018
 having served as Senior Vice President and General Manager
 Consumer Foods since October 2017. Prior to that time
 he served as Vice President and General Manager
 Consumer since February 2016 and Vice President
&#32;Access to all of our Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) filings
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&#160;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 is provided
 free of charge
 on our website (jmsmucker.com/investor-relations/smuckers-sec-filings) as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with
 or furnished to
Our business
 operations
 and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The risk factors described below should be carefully considered
 together with the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC
 in connection with evaluating the Company
 our business
 and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect us. The occurrence of any of these known or unknown risks could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
We operate in the competitive food industry whose growth potential is positively correlated to population growth. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our brands faster than the population in general. We consider our ability to build and sustain the equity of our brands critical to our market share growth. If we do not succeed in these efforts
 our market share growth may slow
Our proprietary brands
 packaging designs
 and manufacturing methods are essential to the value of our business
The success of our business depends significantly on our brands
 know-how
 and other intellectual property. We rely on a combination of trademarks
 service marks
 trade secrets
 patents
 copyrights
 and similar rights to protect our intellectual property. The success of our growth strategy depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to maintain and increase brand awareness and further develop our brands. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are not adequate
 or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property
 the value of our brands may be harmed
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business. From time to time
 we are engaged in litigation to protect our intellectual property
In particular
 we consider our proprietary coffee roasting methods essential to the consistent flavor and richness of our coffee products and
 therefore
 essential to our coffee brands. Because many of the roasting methods we use are not protected by patents
 it may be difficult for us to prevent competitors from copying our roasting methods if such methods become known. We also believe that our packaging innovations
&#32;canisters
 are important to the coffee business&#8217; marketing and operational efforts. If our competitors copy our roasting or packaging methods or develop more advanced roasting or packaging methods
 the value of our coffee brands may be diminished
We use a single national broker in the U.S. to represent a portion of our branded products to the retail grocery trade. Our business would suffer disruption if this broker were to fail to perform brokerage services or to effectively represent us to the retail grocery trade
We have elected to source certain raw materials
&#32;coffee products
&#32;oil products
 and finished goods
&#32;dog snacks
 from single sources of supply. While we believe that
 except as set forth below
 alternative sources of these raw materials and finished goods could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms
 loss or an extended interruption in supplies from a single-source supplier would result in additional costs
 could have a disruptive short-term effect on our business
&#32;pods
&#32;pods to us for any reason
 it could be difficult to find an alternative supplier for such goods on commercially reasonable terms
Our results may be adversely impacted as a result of increased cost
 limited availability
 and/or insufficient quality of raw materials
We and our business partners purchase and use large quantities of many different commodities and agricultural products in the manufacturing of our products
 including green coffee
 peanuts
 animal protein meals
 oils and fats
 sweeteners
 grains
 and fruit. In addition
 we and our business partners utilize significant quantities of plastic
 glass
 and cardboard to package our products and natural gas and fuel oil to manufacture
 package
 and distribute our products. The prices of these commodities
 agricultural products
 and other materials are subject to volatility and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict
 including global supply and demand
 commodity market fluctuations
 crop sizes and yield fluctuations
 weather
 natural disasters
 foreign currency fluctuations
 investor speculation
 trade agreements
 political unrest
 consumer demand
 and changes in governmental agricultural programs. In addition
 we compete for certain raw materials
 notably corn and soy-based agricultural products
 with the biofuels industry
 which has resulted in increased prices for these raw materials. Additionally
 farm acreage currently devoted to other agricultural products we purchase may be utilized for biofuels crops resulting in higher costs for the other agricultural products we utilize. Although we use basis
 futures
 options
 and fixed price contracts to manage commodity price volatility in some instances
Due to the significance of green coffee to our coffee business
 combined with our ability to only partially mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices and hedging activities
 significant increases or decreases in the cost of green coffee could have an adverse impact on our profitability
 as compared to that of our competitors. In addition
 if we are not able to purchase sufficient quantities of green coffee due to any of the above factors or to a worldwide or regional shortage
 we may not be able to fulfill the demand for our coffee
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Our efforts to manage commodity
 foreign currency exchange
We use derivative instruments
 including commodity futures and options
 to reduce the price volatility associated with anticipated commodity purchases. The extent of our derivative position at any given time depends on our assessment of the markets for these commodities. If we fail to take a derivative position and costs subsequently increase
 or if we institute a position and costs subsequently decrease
 our costs may be greater than anticipated or higher than our competitors&#8217; costs and our financial results could be adversely affected. In addition
We currently do not qualify any of our commodity or foreign currency exchange derivatives for hedge accounting. We instead mark-to-market our derivatives through the Statement of Consolidated Income
 which results in changes in the fair value of all of our derivatives being immediately recognized in consolidated earnings
 resulting in potential volatility in both gross profit and net income. These gains and losses are reported in cost of products sold in our Statement of Consolidated Income but are excluded from our segment operating results and non-GAAP earnings until the related inventory is sold
 at which time the gains and losses are reclassified to segment profit and non-GAAP earnings. Although this accounting treatment aligns the derivative gains and losses with the underlying exposure being hedged within segment results
We may not be able to pass some or all of any increases in the price of raw materials
 energy
 and other input costs to our customers by raising prices. To the extent competitors do not also increase their prices
 customers and consumers may choose to purchase competing products or may shift purchases to private label or other lower-priced offerings
Consumers may be less willing or able to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings and may forego some purchases altogether
 especially during economic downturns. Retailers may also increase levels of promotional activity for lower-priced offerings as they seek to maintain sales volumes during times of economic uncertainty. Accordingly
 sales volumes of our branded products could be reduced or lead to a shift in sales mix toward our lower-margin offerings. As a result
We have consolidated our production capacity for certain products into single manufacturing sites
 including substantially all of our coffee
&#32;dog snacks
 fruit spreads
 toppings
 and syrups. We could experience a production disruption at these or any of our manufacturing sites resulting in a reduction or elimination of the availability of some of our products. If we are not able to obtain alternate production capability in a timely manner
 our business
 financial condition
A significant interruption in the operation of any of our supply chain or distribution capabilities could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Our ability and the ability of our third-party suppliers and service providers
 distributors
 and contract manufacturers to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell products is critical to our success. A significant interruption in the operation of any of our manufacturing or distribution capabilities
 or the manufacturing or distribution capabilities of our suppliers
 distributors
 or contract manufacturers
 or a service failure by a third-party service provider
 whether as a result of adverse weather conditions or a natural disaster
 work stoppage
 terrorism
 pandemic illness
 or other causes
 could significantly impair our ability to operate our business. Notably
 substantially all of our coffee production takes place in New Orleans
 Louisiana
 which is subject to risks associated with hurricane and other weather-related events. Additionally
 some of our production facilities are located in places where tornadoes or wildfires can frequently occur
 such as Alabama
 Kansas
 and California. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
April&#160;30
 2019
&#32;percent of our full-time employees
&#32;manufacturing locations
 are covered by collective bargaining agreements. These contracts vary in term depending on location
&#32;contracts expiring in 2020
&#32;percent of our total employees. We cannot assure that we will be able to renew these collective bargaining agreements on the same or more favorable terms as the current agreements
 or at all
 without production interruptions caused by labor stoppages. If a strike or work stoppage were to occur in connection with negotiations of new collective bargaining agreements or as a result of disputes under collective bargaining agreements with labor unions
 our business
 financial condition
Logistics and other transportation-related costs have a significant impact on our earnings and results of operations. We use multiple forms of transportation
 including ships
 trucks
 and railcars
 to bring our products to market. Disruption to the timely supply of these services or increases in the cost of these services for any reason
 including availability or cost of fuel
 regulations affecting the industry
 labor shortages in the transportation industry
 service failures by third-party service providers
 accidents
 or natural disasters
 which may impact the transportation infrastructure or demand for transportation services
 could have an adverse effect on our ability to serve our customers
 and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
The food industry is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination
 product tampering
 product recall
 and consumer product liability claims. Our operations could be impacted by both genuine and fictitious claims regarding our products as well as our competitors&#8217; products. In the event of product contamination or tampering
 we may need to recall some of our products. A widespread product recall could result in significant loss due to the cost of conducting a product recall
 including destruction of inventory and the loss of sales resulting from the unavailability of product for a period of time. We could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. A significant product recall or a product liability judgment
 involving either us or our competitors
 could also result in a loss of consumer confidence in our food products or the food category
 and an actual or perceived loss of value of our brands
Changes in our relationships with significant customers
 including the loss of our largest customer
April&#160;30
 2019
&#32;million
 or 27 percent of the total trade receivables balance. During 
 our top 10&#160;customers
 collectively
 accounted for approximately 60 percent of consolidated net sales. We expect that a significant portion of our revenues will continue to be derived from a limited number of customers. Our customers are generally not contractually obligated to purchase from us. These customers make purchase decisions based on a combination of price
 promotional support
 product quality
 consumer demand
 customer service performance
 their desired inventory levels
 and other factors. Changes in customers&#8217; strategies
 including a reduction in the number of brands they carry or a shift of shelf space to private label products
 may adversely affect sales. Customers also may respond to price increases by reducing distribution
 resulting in reduced sales of our products. Additionally
 our customers may face financial or other difficulties that may impact their operations and their purchases from us
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. A reduction in sales to one or more major customers could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
We face competition across our product lines from other food companies with the primary methods and factors in competition being product quality
 price
 packaging
 product innovation
 nutritional value
 convenience
 customer service
 advertising
 and promotion. Continued success is dependent on product innovation
 the ability to secure and maintain adequate retail shelf space and to compete in new and growing channels
 and effective and sufficient trade merchandising
 advertising
 and marketing programs. In particular
 technology-based systems
 which give consumers the ability to shop through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications
 are also significantly altering the retail landscape in many of our markets. We are committed to expanding our presence in e-commerce
 transforming our manufacturing
 commercial
 and corporate operations through digital technologies
 and enhancing our data analytics capabilities to develop new commercial insights. However
 if we are unable to effectively compete in the expanding e-commerce market
 adequately leverage technology to improve operating efficiencies
 or develop the data analytics capabilities needed to generate actionable commercial insights
 our business performance may be impacted
Some of our competitors have substantial financial
 marketing
 and other resources
 and competition with them in our various markets
 channels
 and product lines could cause us to reduce prices
 increase marketing or other expenditures
products. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant development and marketing investment. If our products fail to meet consumer preferences
 or we fail to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis
 then the return on that investment will be less than anticipated and our strategy to grow sales and profits through investment in innovation will be less successful. In order to generate future revenues and profits
 we must continue to sell products that appeal to our customers and consumers. Specifically
 there are a number of trends in consumer preferences that may impact us and the food industry as a whole
 including convenience
 flavor variety
 an emphasis on protein and snacking
We are the branded market leader in several categories both in the U.S. and Canada. We believe that maintaining and continually enhancing the value of our brands is critical to the success of our business. Brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. Brand value could diminish significantly as a result of a number of factors
 such as if we fail to preserve the quality of our products
 if we are perceived to act in an irresponsible manner
 if the Company or our brands otherwise receive negative publicity
 if our brands fail to deliver a consistently positive consumer experience
 or if our products become unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us or our brands or products on social or digital media could damage our brands and reputation. If we are unable to build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior products
 we may be unable to maintain premium pricing over generic and private label products. If our brand values are diminished
 our revenues and operating results could be materially adversely affected. In addition
Certain of our products contain ingredients which are the subject of public scrutiny
 including the suggestion that consumption may have adverse health effects. Although we strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations
 we may not be successful in these efforts. An unfavorable report on the effects of ingredients present in our products
 product recalls
 or negative publicity or litigation could influence consumer preferences
 significantly reduce the demand for our products
We may also be subject to complaints from or litigation by consumers who allege food and beverage-related illness
 or other quality
 health
 or operational concerns. Adverse publicity resulting from such allegations could materially adversely affect us
 regardless of whether such allegations are true or whether we are ultimately held liable. A lawsuit or claim could result in an adverse decision against us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
We may not be able to attract
 develop
We depend on the skills and continued service of key employees
 including our experienced management team. In addition
 our ability to achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to identify
 recruit
 hire
 train
 and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented people
 and we may lose key employees or fail to attract
 recruit
 train
 develop
 and retain other talented individuals. Any such loss
 failure
 or negative perception with respect to these individuals may adversely affect our business or financial results. In addition
 activities related to identifying
 recruiting
 hiring
 integrating
 and training qualified individuals may require significant time and expense. We may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who leave or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms
Our operations are subject to the general risks associated with acquisitions and divestitures. Specifically
Our stated strategic vision is to own and market a portfolio of food and beverage brands that combines number one and leading brands with emerging
 on-trend brands to drive balanced
 long-term growth
 primarily in North America. We have historically made strategic acquisitions of brands and businesses
 including Ainsworth
 and intend to do so in the future in support of this strategy. If we are unable to complete acquisitions or to successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses
 including the effective management of integration and related restructuring costs
anticipated synergies and cost savings
 or the expected increases in revenues and operating results
In addition
 we have made strategic divestitures of brands and businesses
 including the sale of our U.S. baking business
 and we may do so in the future. If we are unable to complete divestitures or to successfully transition divested businesses
 including the effective management of the related separation and stranded overhead costs
We continuously pursue initiatives to reduce costs
 increase effectiveness
 and optimize cash flow. We may not realize all or part of the anticipated cost savings or other benefits from such initiatives. Other events and circumstances
 such as financial or strategic difficulties
 delays
 or unexpected costs
 may also adversely impact our ability to realize all or part of the anticipated cost savings or other benefits
 or cause us not to realize such cost savings or other benefits on the expected timetable. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits
 our ability to fund other initiatives may be adversely affected. Finally
 the complexity of the implementation will require a substantial amount of management and operational resources. Our management team must successfully execute the administrative and operational changes necessary to achieve the anticipated benefits of the initiatives. These and related demands on our resources may divert the organization&#8217;s attention from other business issues
 have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers
Weak financial performance
 downgrades in our credit ratings
We may need new or additional financing in the future to conduct our operations
 expand our business
 or refinance existing indebtedness
 which would be dependent upon our financial performance. Any downgrade in our credit ratings
 particularly our short-term rating
 would likely impact the amount of commercial paper we could issue and increase our commercial paper borrowing costs. The liquidity of the overall capital markets and the state of the economy
 including the food and beverage industry
 may make credit and capital markets more difficult for us to access
 even though we have an established revolving credit facility. From time to time
 we have relied
 and also may rely in the future
 on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity for working capital requirements
 acquisitions
 and general corporate purposes. In particular
 our access to funds under our revolving credit facility is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are parties to that facility to meet their funding commitments. The obligations of the financial institutions under our revolving credit facility are several and not joint and
 as a result
 a funding default by one or more institutions does not need to be made up by the others. In addition
 long-term volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty
 changing or increased regulation of financial institutions
 reduced alternatives
Our substantial debt obligations could restrict our operations and financial condition. Additionally
April&#160;30
 2019
&#32;of short-term borrowings and long-term debt
 partially as a result of new borrowings this year to finance the Ainsworth acquisition. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our debt service obligations will require us to use a portion of our operating cash flow to pay interest and principal on indebtedness rather than for other corporate purposes
 including funding future expansion of our business and ongoing capital expenditures
 which could impede our growth. Our substantial indebtedness could have other adverse consequences
increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic
 regulatory
 and industry conditions
limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for
 or reacting to
limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
exposing us to greater interest rate risk
Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic
 financial
 competitive
 legislative
 regulatory
 and other factors
 many of which are beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations
 and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness when scheduled payments are due or to fund other liquidity needs. In these circumstances
 we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require make-whole payments and compliance with more onerous covenants
 which could further restrict our business operations. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing would depend on
 among other things
 our financial condition at the time
 restriction in the agreements governing our indebtedness
 and the condition of the financial markets and the industry in which we operate. As a result
 we may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Without this financing
 we may have to seek additional equity or debt financing or restructure our debt
 which could harm our long-term business prospects. Our failure to comply with the terms of any existing or future indebtedness could result in an event of default which
 if not cured or waived
A significant portion of our assets is goodwill and other intangible assets
 the majority of which are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment at least annually on February 1
April&#160;30
 2019
 the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets totaled $13.0 billion
. If the carrying value of these assets exceeds the current estimated fair value
 the asset would be considered impaired
 and this would result in a noncash charge to earnings
 which could be material. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common shares
 increased competition or loss of market share
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the product life
 deterioration in macroeconomic conditions
As of April 30
 2019
&#32;billion
 respectively. These intangible assets are susceptible to future impairment charges due to narrow differences between fair value and carrying value as a result of recent impairment charges and the acquisition of Ainsworth in May 2018.&#160;To date
 we have recognized $412.6 million of impairment charges related to the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired as part of the Big Heart acquisition in 2015
April 30
 2019. However
 further changes to the assumptions regarding the future performance of the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment or its brands
 an adverse change to macro-economic conditions
 or a change to other assumptions could result in additional impairment losses in the future
 which could be significant. As of April 30
 2019
 the estimated fair value was substantially in excess of the carrying value for the majority of the remaining reporting units and material indefinite-lived intangible assets
 and in all instances
 the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value by greater than 10 percent
 with the exception of the Natural Foods reporting unit
 which has no remaining goodwill as a result of the impairment charge recorded during the fourth quarter of 2019. For further information
Changes in tax
 environmental
 or other regulations and laws
 or their application
 or failure to comply with existing licensing
 trade
Our operations are subject to various regulations and laws administered by federal
 state
 and local government agencies in the U.S. as well as to regulations and laws administered by government agencies in Canada and other countries in which we have operations and our products are sold. In particular
 the manufacturing
 marketing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 and sale of food products are each subject to governmental regulation that is increasingly extensive
 encompassing such matters as ingredients (including whether a product contains genetically modified ingredients)
 packaging
 advertising
 relations with distributors and retailers
 health
 safety
 data privacy
 and the environment. Additionally
 we are routinely subject to new or modified tax and securities regulations
 other laws and regulations
In the U.S.
 we are required to comply with federal laws
 such as the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the Occupational Safety and Health Act
 the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
 the Tariff Act
 laws governing equal employment opportunity
 and various other federal statutes and regulations. We are also subject to various state and local statutes and regulations. For instance
&#32;(better known as &#8220;Proposition 65&#8221;) requires that a specific warning appear on any product sold in the State of California that contains a substance listed by that state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products
 as well as civil penalties. The detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label. Products containing listed substances that occur naturally or that are contributed to such products solely by a municipal water supply are generally exempt from the warning requirement. In particular
 we are currently a defendant in Council for Education and Research on Toxics (&#8220;Plaintiff&#8221; or &#8220;CERT&#8221;) v. Brad Barry LLC
 et al.
 which alleges that we
 in addition to nearly eighty other defendants who manufacture
 package
 distribute
 or sell packaged coffee
 failed to warn persons in California that our coffee products expose persons to the chemical acrylamide
 which is not added to coffee but is present in all coffee in small amounts (measured in parts per billion) as a byproduct of the coffee bean roasting process
 in violation of Proposition 65. If we are required to pay significant statutory penalties or to add warning labels to any of our products or place warnings in certain locations where our products are sold as a result of Proposition 65
 our business and financial results could be adversely impacted
We regularly move data across national and state borders to conduct our operations and
 consequently
 are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions regarding privacy
 data protection
 and data security
 including those related to the collection
 storage
 handling
 use
 disclosure
 transfer
 and security of personal data. There is significant uncertainty with respect to compliance with such privacy and data protection laws and regulations
Complying with new regulations and laws
 or changes to existing regulations and laws
 or their application could increase our costs or adversely affect our sales of certain products. In addition
 our failure or inability to comply with applicable regulations and laws could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 and potential criminal sanctions
In many countries outside of the U.S.
 particularly in those with developing economies
 it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us
 such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar local anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees
 contractors
Changes in climate or legal
 regulatory
There is significant political and scientific concern that emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases may alter the composition of the global atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue affecting the global climate. The emission of such greenhouse gases may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns
 and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity
 we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products
 such as green coffee
 peanuts
 animal protein meals
 oils and fats
 sweeteners
 grains
 and fruit. We may also be subjected to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of such change
 which could impact our manufacturing and distribution operations. In addition
Increasing concern over climate change also may result in more regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases. In the event that such regulations are enacted and are more rigorous than existing regulations
 we may experience significant increases in costs of operation and delivery. In particular
 increased regulation of utility providers
 fuel emissions
 or suppliers could substantially increase our operating
 distribution
increased costs related to defending and resolving legal claims and other litigation related to climate change. As a result
 climate change could negatively affect our results of operations
 cash flows
If our information technology systems fail to perform adequately or we are unable to protect such information technology systems against data corruption
 cyber-based attacks
 or network security breaches
 our operations could be disrupted
We rely on information technology networks and systems
 including the Internet
 to process
 transmit
 and store electronic information. In particular
 we depend on our information technology infrastructure to effectively manage our business data
 supply chain
 logistics
 finance
 and other business processes and for digital marketing activities and electronic communications between Company personnel and our customers and suppliers. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build
 sustain
 and protect an appropriate technology infrastructure
 or we do not effectively implement system upgrades
 our business or financial results could be negatively impacted. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats. Therefore
 we continuously monitor and update our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent
 detect
 address
 and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access
 misuse
 computer viruses
 and other events that could have a security impact. We invest in industry standard security technology to protect our data and business processes against the risk of data security breaches and cyber-based attacks. We believe our security technology tools and processes provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and in reducing cybersecurity risks. Nevertheless
 despite continued vigilance in these areas
 security breaches or system failures of our infrastructure
 whether due to attacks by hackers
 employee error
 or other causes
 can create system disruptions
 shutdowns
 transaction errors
 or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. If we are unable to prevent such breaches or failures
 our operations could be disrupted
 or we may suffer financial damage or loss because of lost or misappropriated information. In addition
Further
 we have outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions
 including benefit plan administration and other functions
 to third-party service providers
 and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. In addition
 certain of our processes rely on third-party cloud computing services. If the service providers to which we outsource these functions do not perform effectively
 we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits and may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved
 such errors may also lead to business disruption
 processing inefficiencies
 inaccurate financial reporting
 the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach
 the loss of sensitive data through security breach
April&#160;30
. All of our properties are maintained and updated on a regular basis
We own all of the properties listed below
Additionally
 our principal distribution centers in the U.S. include three that we own and seven that we lease. We also lease our principal distribution center in Canada. Our distribution facilities are in good condition
 and we believe that they have sufficient capacity to meet our distribution needs in the near future. We lease eight sales and administrative offices in the U.S. and one in Canada. Our corporate headquarters is located in Orrville
 Ohio
 and our Canadian headquarters is located in Markham
Bloomsburg
Buffalo
Chico
Cincinnati
Decatur
Frontenac
Grandview
Havre de Grace
Lawrence
Lexington
Longmont
Meadville
Memphis
New Bethlehem
New Orleans
Orrville
Fruit spreads
 toppings
Oxnard
Ripon
Fruit spreads
 toppings
 syrups
Scottsville
Seattle
Sherbrooke
Suffolk
Topeka
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Our common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange &#8211; ticker symbol SJM. There were approximately 311
613 shareholders of record as of June&#160;10
 2019
 of which approximately 37
413 were registered holders of common shares. 
 the average price paid per share
 the number of shares that were purchased as part of a publicly announced repurchase program
 if any
February&#160;1
 2019 - February&#160;28
3
586
March&#160;1
 2019 - March&#160;31
3
586
April&#160;1
 2019 - April&#160;30
1
3
586
2
3
586
April&#160;30
 2019
 there were 3
586
April&#160;30
 2019
 for our common shares
 the Standard &amp; Poor&#8217;s (&#8220;S&amp;P&#8221;) Packaged Foods &amp; Meats Index
  and the S&amp;P 500 Index. These figures assume all dividends are reinvested when received and are based on $100.00 invested in our common shares and the referenced index funds on April 30
April 30
April&#160;30
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Year Ended April 30
(Dollars and shares in millions
7
7
7
7
5
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
16
15
15
15
16
5
4
5
5
6
7
7
6
7
7
1
1
1
1
Additions to property
 plant
1
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
(Dollars and shares in millions
 unless otherwise noted
Inspired by more than 120 years of business success and five generations of family leadership
 The J. M. Smucker Company makes food that people and pets love. The Company&#8217;s portfolio of 40+ brands
 which are found in 90 percent of U.S. homes and countless restaurants
 include iconic products consumers have always loved such as 

 and 
 
. Over the past two decades
 the Company has grown rapidly by thoughtfully acquiring leading and emerging brands
 while ensuring the business has a positive impact on its 7
000+ employees
 the communities it is a part of
We have four reportable segments: U.S. Retail Coffee
 U.S. Retail Consumer Foods
 U.S. Retail Pet Foods
&#32;and represent a major portion of our strategic focus &#8211; the sale of branded food and beverage products with leadership positions to consumers through retail outlets in North America. In the U.S. retail market segments
 our products are sold primarily to food retailers
 club stores
 pet specialty stores
 discount and dollar stores
 food wholesalers
 online retailers
 drug stores
 natural foods stores and distributors
 military commissaries
 and mass merchandisers. The products included in the International and Away From Home segment are distributed domestically and in foreign countries through retail channels and foodservice distributors and operators (e.g.
 restaurants
 lodging
 schools and universities
Quality
 People
 Ethics
 Growth
&#32;established by our founder and namesake
 Jerome Smucker
 more than a century ago. Today
&#32;are the core of our unique corporate culture and serve as a foundation for decision-making and actions. We have been led by five generations of family leadership
 having had only six chief executive officers in 122 years. This continuity of management and thought extends to the broader leadership team that embodies the values and embraces the business practices that have contributed to our consistent growth. Our strategic vision is to own and market a portfolio of food and beverage brands that combines number one and leading brands with emerging
 on-trend brands to drive balanced
 long-term growth
Our strategic long-term growth objectives are to increase net sales by 2 to 3 percent and operating income excluding non-GAAP adjustments (&#8220;adjusted operating income&#8221;) by 5 percent annually on average. Our long-term growth objective related to income per diluted share excluding non-GAAP adjustments (&#8220;adjusted earnings per share&#8221;) is to achieve an average increase of 8 percent annually. We expect organic growth
 including new products
 to drive much of our top-line growth
 while the contribution from acquisitions will vary from year to year. Our non-GAAP adjustments include amortization expense and impairment charges related to intangible assets
 integration and restructuring costs
 unallocated gains and losses on commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives
 and
 beginning in 2018
Net sales has increased at a compound annual growth rate of 7 percent over the past five years
Big Heart in 2015 and Ainsworth in the current year
 while adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share have increased at a rate of 7 percent and 6 percent
 respectively
On May 14
 2018
 we acquired the stock of Ainsworth in an all-cash transaction
 which was funded by debt and valued at 
 inclusive of a working capital adjustment. Ainsworth is a leading producer
 distributor
 and marketer of premium pet food and pet snacks
brand
 which is driving significant growth in the premium pet food category. Annual cost synergies of approximately $55.0 are expected to be fully realized by the end of 2021
 most of which will be achieved by the end of 2020. We realized synergies of $23.5 in 2019.&#160;The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and
 accordingly
 the results of Ainsworth&#8217;s operations
&#32;in net sales and operating income
 respectively
On August 31
 2018
 we sold our U.S. baking business to Brynwood Partners VII L.P. and Brynwood Partners VIII L.P.
 subsidiaries of Brynwood Partners
 an unrelated party. The transaction included products that were primarily sold in U.S. retail channels under the 
 
 
 
&#32;brands
 along with all relevant trademarks and licensing agreements
 and our manufacturing facility in Toledo
 Ohio. This business generated net sales of approximately $370.0 in 2018
 primarily in the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment. The transaction did not include our baking business in Canada. We received proceeds from the divestiture of 
 which were net of cash transactions costs and a working capital adjustment. Upon completion of the transaction
&#32;during 2019
This discussion and analysis deals with comparisons of material changes in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended&#160;April&#160;30
 2019&#160;and&#160;2018.&#160;For the comparisons of the years ended April 30
 2018 and 2017
 see the Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II
Year Ended April 30
7
7
2
2
1
1
2
2
1
1
Year Ended April 30
7
7
Net sales excluding acquisition
 divestiture
7
7
Net sales excluding acquisition
 divestiture
 and foreign currency exchange is a non-GAAP measure used to evaluate performance internally. This measure provides useful information to investors because it enables comparison of results on a year-over-year basis. 
 or 
&#32;contribution from the Ainsworth acquisition
&#32;of noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to the divestiture of the U.S. baking business during the second quarter of&#160;2019. Net sales excluding acquisition
 divestiture
 and foreign currency exchange was comparable to the prior year
 as the impact of lower net price realization
 which reduced net sales by 1 percentage point
 was offset by the impact of favorable volume/mix
realization was mostly related to coffee
 peanut butter
 and oils
 and the favorable volume/mix was primarily driven by growth in coffee
 
 and 
Year Ended April 30
Selling
 distribution
Total selling
 distribution
Gross profit increased $79.6
 or&#160;3 percent
 in 2019
 primarily driven by the addition of Ainsworth
 partially offset by the noncomparable impact related to the U.S. baking business divestiture. An unfavorable net impact of lower prices and higher costs was mostly driven by an unfavorable change in the impact of derivative gains and losses
Operating income decreased $115.4
 or&#160;11 percent
&#160;pre-tax gain related to the sale of the U.S. baking business were more than offset by a $145.7 increase in selling
 distribution
 and administrative expenses and a $33.5 increase in amortization expense
 both of which were primarily due to the Ainsworth acquisition. In addition
 intangible asset impairment charges increased by $28.2 as a result of charges in the U.S. Retail Pet Foods and U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segments in 2019
 and special project costs increased by $14.8
 driven by an increase in&#160;restructuring costs. For further information on the impairment charges
Gross profit excluding non-GAAP adjustments (&#8220;adjusted gross profit&#8221;) increased $167.2
 or&#160;6 percent
 in 2019
 with the primary difference from GAAP results being the exclusion of a $91.5 unfavorable change in the impact of unallocated derivative gains and losses as compared to the prior year. Adjusted operating income increased $52.6
 or&#160;4 percent
 further reflecting the exclusion of amortization expense
 the impairment charges
Net interest expense increased $33.8
 or 19 percent
 in 2019
 primarily due to the impact of the incremental debt issued to finance the Ainsworth acquisition. For additional information
The effective tax rate of 26.7 percent for 2019 varied from the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21.0 percent primarily due to the impact of state income taxes
 additional income tax expense associated with the sale of the U.S. baking business
 and a goodwill impairment charge within the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment
&#32;for 2019 reflects an immaterial adjustment related to the completion of the accounting for the income tax effects of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Act&#8221;) during the third quarter.&#160;Despite the completion of the accounting
 the amounts recorded may change as a result of future guidance and interpretation from the Internal Revenue Service and various other taxing jurisdictions
of the provisions of the Act. Any future legislative and interpretive actions could result in additional income tax impacts
&#160;for&#160;2018 reflected the recognition of a net benefit of $765.8 related to our discrete adjustments resulting directly from the Act
 partially offset by additional income tax expense related to a Pet Foods reporting unit goodwill impairment charge. The net benefit of $765.8 included the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the reduced federal income tax rate
 offset in part by the estimated impact of a one-time repatriation tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred. For further information
&#32;in integration costs related to the Ainsworth acquisition
 the majority of which are expected to be cash charges. Of the total anticipated integration costs
 we expect approximately half to be employee-related. During 2019
. All remaining integration costs are expected to be incurred by the end of 2020. For further information
An organization optimization program was approved by the Board of Directors (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) during the fourth quarter of 2016. Under this program
 we identified opportunities to reduce costs and optimize the organization. Related projects included an organizational redesign and the optimization of our manufacturing footprint. The program was expanded at the end of 2018 to include the restructuring of our geographic footprint
 which includes the centralization of our pet food and pet snacks business
 as well as certain international non-manufacturing functions
 to our corporate headquarters in Orrville
 Ohio
 furthering collaboration and enhanced agility
The organization optimization program was completed during 2019
 and as a result
 we closed our international offices in China and Mexico
 as well as the San Francisco and Burbank
 California
 offices. We incurred total cumulative restructuring costs of&#160;
&#32;was incurred during 2019. The costs incurred were primarily employee-related
 as the program resulted in total headcount reductions of approximately 450 full-time positions. For further information
The raw materials we use are primarily commodities
 agricultural-based products
 and packaging materials. The most significant of these materials
 based on 2019 annual spend
 are green coffee
 peanuts
 animal protein meals
 oils and fats
 and plastic containers. Green coffee and certain oils are traded on active regulated exchanges
 and the price of these commodities fluctuates based on market conditions. Derivative instruments
 including futures and options
We source green coffee from more than 20 coffee-producing countries. Its price is subject to high volatility due to factors such as weather
 global supply and demand
 plant disease
 investor speculation
We source peanuts
 animal protein meals
 and oils and fats mainly from North America. We are one of the largest procurers of peanuts in the U.S. and frequently enter into long-term purchase contracts for various periods of time to mitigate the risk of a shortage of this commodity. The oils we purchase are mainly soybean and canola. The price of peanuts
 animal protein meals
 and oils are driven primarily by weather
 which impacts crop sizes and yield
 as well as global demand
 especially from large importing countries such as China and India. In addition
We frequently enter into long-term contracts to purchase plastic containers
 which are sourced mainly from within the U.S. Plastic resin is made from petrochemical feedstock and natural gas feedstock
 and the price can be influenced by feedstock
 energy
Excluding the impact of derivative gains and losses
 our overall commodity costs in 2019 were lower than in 2018
 primarily due to lower costs for green coffee
We have&#160;four&#160;reportable segments: U.S. Retail Coffee
 U.S. Retail Consumer Foods
 U.S. Retail Pet Foods
 and International and Away From Home. The U.S. Retail Coffee segment primarily includes the domestic sales of 
 
 
 
 and 
 
 
 
 
 
 
&#32;branded products. The International and Away From Home segment comprises products distributed domestically and in foreign countries through retail channels and foodservice distributors and operators (e.g.
 restaurants
 lodging
 schools and universities
Effective May 1
 2018
 the convenience store channel
 which was previously included in the U.S. retail segments
Year Ended April 30
2
2
1
1
2
2
1
1
The U.S. Retail Coffee segment net sales increased $35.5 in 2019. Favorable volume/mix contributed 4 percentage points
 driven by the&#160;
&#160;
&#160;brands
&#160;roast and ground coffee. The favorable volume/mix was partially offset by lower net price realization
 which reduced net sales by 2 percentage points
&#160;brand. Segment profit increased $63.9
 primarily due to lower input costs and favorable volume/mix
 partially offset by lower net price realization and an increase in marketing expense
The U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment net sales decreased $224.1 in 2019
 reflecting the impact of $247.3 of noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to the divested U.S. baking business. Excluding the noncomparable impact of the divested business
 net sales increased 1 percent
 driven by favorable volume/mix
 which contributed 4 percentage points
 primarily related to&#160;
&#160;
&#32;oils. The favorable volume/mix was partially offset by lower net price realization
 which reduced net sales by 2 percentage points
&#160;brand at the beginning of the fiscal year. Segment profit decreased $69.2
 and decreased $55.2 excluding the noncomparable segment profit in the prior year and the gain from the divestiture. The segment profit decline primarily resulted from lower net price realization and higher input costs
 mostly related to peanut butter
. These factors were partially offset by the impact of favorable volume/mix. In response to an anticipated decline in our peanut costs
&#160;products sold in the U.S. effective March 2019. Although not reflected in segment profit
&#32;related to the Natural Foods reporting unit within the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2019. For additional information
The U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment net sales increased $714.2 in 2019
&#32;contribution from Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth
 net sales declined $32.8
 primarily due to unfavorable volume/mix
&#160;brands. Segment profit increased $64.0
 driven by the addition of Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth
 segment profit decreased $29.1
 as the impact of higher input costs was only partially offset by a reduction in marketing expense. In response to a sustained increase in input costs
 we implemented a list price increase on select pet food&#160;products sold in the U.S. effective February 2019. Although not reflected in segment profit
 an impairment charge of $107.2 associated with certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment was recognized in the third quarter of 2019
 while the prior year included impairment charges of $176.9 related to the goodwill of the Pet Foods reporting unit and certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the segment. For additional information
The International and Away From Home segment net sales decreased&#160;$44.7 in 2019
 due to lower net price realization
 $13.7 of unfavorable foreign currency exchange
 and unfavorable volume/mix
 each of which reduced net sales by 1 percentage point. The net sales decline also reflects the impact of $6.7 of noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to the divested U.S. baking business. Segment profit decreased $1.6
 reflecting lower net price realization
 the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange
 and unfavorable volume/mix
Our principal source of funds is cash generated from operations
April&#160;30
 2019
April&#160;30
Within the U.S. Retail Coffee and U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segments
 we have historically experienced a significant use of cash to fund working capital requirements during the first half of each fiscal year
 primarily due to the buildup of inventories to support the Fall Bake and Holiday period
 the additional increase of coffee inventory in advance of the Atlantic hurricane season
 and seasonal fruit procurement. In these businesses
 cash provided by operations in the second half of the fiscal year has significantly exceeded the amount in the first half of the year
 upon completion of the Fall Bake and Holiday period. In contrast
Due to the divestiture of the seasonal U.S. baking business during the second quarter of&#160;2019
 we expect that the impact of seasonality on our future working capital requirements will be reduced. Further
Year Ended April 30
1
1
(1
1
1
Additions to property
 plant
Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure used by management to evaluate the amount of cash available for debt repayment
 dividend distribution
 acquisition opportunities
 share repurchases
The&#160;$76.8&#160;decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2019&#160;was mainly due to lower net income adjusted for noncash items. The reduction in working capital during the current year was comparable to the prior year
 as an unfavorable impact related to trade receivables was mostly offset by a favorable impact related to income taxes. Trade receivables increased during the current year as a result of higher sales
Cash used for investing activities in 2019 consisted of $1.9 billion related to the Ainsworth acquisition
&#160;$359.8&#160;in capital expenditures
 and a $29.8 increase in our derivative cash margin account balances
 partially offset by net proceeds from the divestiture of the U.S. baking business of&#160;$369.5. Cash used for investing activities in 2018 consisted primarily of&#160;$321.9&#160;in capital expenditures
Cash provided by financing activities in 2019&#160;consisted primarily of&#160;$1.5&#160;billion in long-term debt proceeds and a&#160;$282.0&#160;net increase in short-term borrowings
 partially offset by long-term debt repayments of&#160;$700.0&#160;and dividend payments of&#160;$377.9. For additional information on our new borrowings
 see &#8220;Capital Resources&#8221; in this discussion and analysis. Cash used for financing activities in 2018&#160;consisted primarily of $1.1 billion&#160;in long-term debt repayments
 dividend payments of&#160;$350.3
 and a $310.0 net decrease in short-term borrowings during the year
We
 like other food manufacturers
 are from time to time subject to various administrative
 regulatory
 and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We are currently a defendant in a variety of such legal proceedings
 including certain lawsuits related to the alleged price-fixing of shelf stable tuna products prior to 2011 by a business previously owned by
 but divested prior to our acquisition of
 Big Heart
 the significant majority of which we settled during 2019 and the remainder of which we anticipate resolving in the near future. While we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate results of these proceedings or potential settlements associated with these matters
 we have accrued losses for certain contingent liabilities that we have determined are probable and reasonably estimable at April 30
 2019. Based on the information known to date
 with the exception of the matter discussed below
 we do not believe the final outcome of these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations
In addition to the legal proceedings discussed above
 we are currently a defendant in CERT v. Brad Barry LLC
 et al.
 which alleges that we
 in addition to nearly eighty other defendants who manufacture
 package
 distribute
 or sell coffee
 failed to provide warnings for our coffee products of exposure to the chemical acrylamide as required under Proposition 65. As part of a joint defense group organized to defend against the lawsuit
 we dispute these claims. Acrylamide is not added to coffee
 but is inherently present in all coffee in small amounts (measured in parts per billion) as a byproduct of the coffee bean roasting process. The outcome and the financial impact of the case
 if any
 cannot be predicted at this time. Accordingly
 no loss contingency has been recorded for this matter as of April 30
 2019
 as the likelihood of loss is not considered probable or estimable. However
 if we are required to pay significant statutory penalties or to add warning labels to any of our products or place warnings in certain locations where our products are sold as a result of Proposition 65
 our business and financial results could be adversely impacted
 and sales of those products could suffer not only in those locations but elsewhere. For additional information
April 30
Long-term debt
4
4
5
4
7
7
13
12
In April 2018
. The full amount of the Term Loan was drawn on May 14
 2018
 to partially finance the Ainsworth acquisition. Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest on the prevailing U.S. Prime Rate or London Interbank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;)
 based on our election
 and is payable either on a quarterly basis or at the end of the borrowing term. The Term Loan matures on May 14
 2021
 and does not require scheduled amortization payments. Voluntary prepayments are permitted without premium or penalty. As of April 30
 2019
&#32;on the Term Loan. The interest rate on the Term Loan at April 30
 2019
We have available a $1.8 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of 11 banks that matures in September 2022. Additionally
 we participate in a commercial paper program under which we can issue short-term
 unsecured commercial paper not to exceed $1.8 billion at any time. The commercial paper program is backed by our revolving credit facility and reduces what we can borrow under the revolving credit facility by the amount of commercial paper outstanding. Commercial paper will be used as a continuing source of short-term financing for general corporate purposes. As of April 30
 2019
s outstanding
 all of which were issued under our commercial paper program
We are in compliance with all of our debt covenants. For additional information on our long-term debt
 sources of liquidity
 and debt covenants
During 2019
April&#160;30
 2019
In June 2017
frozen sandwich manufacturing facility in&#160;Longmont
&#160;frozen sandwiches and will complement our existing facility in Scottsville
 Kentucky. The Longmont&#160;facility will be constructed in two phases
April 30
Absent any material acquisitions or other significant investments
 we believe that cash on hand
 combined with cash provided by operations
 borrowings available under our commercial paper program and revolving credit facility
 and access to capital markets
 will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the next 12 months
 including capital expenditures
 the payment of quarterly dividends
 principal and interest payments on debt outstanding
During 2019
April&#160;30
 2019
 total cash and cash equivalents of $95.2 was held by our foreign subsidiaries
We use non-GAAP financial measures including: net sales excluding acquisition
 divestiture
 and foreign currency exchange; adjusted gross profit; adjusted operating income; adjusted income; adjusted earnings per share; earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 amortization
 and impairment charges related to intangible assets (&#8220;EBITDA (as adjusted)&#8221;); and free cash flow
 as key measures for purposes of evaluating performance internally. We believe that investors&#8217; understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing these performance measures. Furthermore
Non-GAAP measures exclude certain items affecting comparability
 that can significantly affect the year-over-year assessment of operating results
 which include amortization expense and impairment charges related to intangible assets
 integration and restructuring costs (&#8220;special project costs&#8221;)
 and unallocated gains and losses on commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives (&#8220;unallocated derivative gains and losses&#8221;). The special project costs in the following table relate to specific integration and restructuring projects
 and the unallocated derivative gains and losses reflect the changes in fair value of our commodity and foreign currency exchange contracts. During 2018
 we expanded our non-GAAP measures to also exclude certain one-time discrete tax adjustments. These adjustments
 which were finalized in 2019
 include the effect of the one-time items associated with the Act
 comprised of the remeasurement of our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities and the recognition of the one-time repatriation tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred (&#8220;transition tax&#8221;). Also included in the one-time discrete tax adjustments are the permanent tax impacts related to the goodwill impairment charges recorded during 2019 and 2018. For further details on these adjustments
 refer to Note 13: Income Taxes
These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;). Rather
Year Ended April 30
2
2
2
2
1
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
Income taxes
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
Additions to property
 plant
1
Income taxes
 as adjusted
 is based upon our GAAP effective tax rate and reflects the impact of items excluded from GAAP net income to derive adjusted income. Income taxes
We do not have material off-balance sheet arrangements
 financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
 also known as variable interest entities. Transactions with related parties are in the ordinary course of business and are not material to our results of operations
 financial condition
April&#160;30
Long-term debt obligations
5
1
2
1
1
1
9
2
2
3
Long-term debt obligations
 including current portion
 excludes the impact of offering discounts
 make-whole payments
Interest payments consists of the interest payments on our long-term debt
 which reflect estimated payments for our variable-rate debt based on the current interest rate outlook
Purchase obligations includes agreements that are enforceable and legally bind us to purchase goods or services
 which primarily consist of obligations related to normal
 ongoing purchase obligations in which we have guaranteed payment to ensure availability of raw materials. We expect to receive consideration for these purchase obligations in the form of materials and services. These purchase obligations do not represent all future purchases expected
Other liabilities consists primarily of projected commitments associated with our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans
 as well as $5.4 related to capital lease obligations. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits and tax-related net interest of $17.1 under FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 740
 
 is excluded
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. In preparing these financial statements
 we have made our best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements
 giving due consideration to materiality. We do not believe there is a great likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions related to the accounting policies described below. However
 application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and
 as a result
&#32;In order to support our products
 various promotional activities are conducted through retail trade
 distributors
 or directly with consumers
 including in-store display and product placement programs
 feature price discounts
 coupons
 and other similar activities. The costs of these programs are classified as a reduction of sales. We regularly review and revise
 when we deem necessary
 estimates of costs for these promotional programs based on estimates of what will be redeemed by retail trade
 distributors
 or consumers. These estimates are made using various techniques
 including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. Differences between estimated expenditures and actual performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period. During 2019
 2018
 and 2017
&#32;percent of both consolidated pre-tax income and cash provided by operating activities. These promotional expenditures
 including amounts classified as a reduction of sales
&#32;We account for income taxes using the liability method. In the ordinary course of business
 we are exposed to uncertainties related to tax filing positions and periodically assess the technical merits of these tax positions for all tax years that remain subject to examination
 based upon the latest information available. For material uncertain tax positions
 we have recognized a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
We routinely evaluate the likelihood of realizing the benefit of our deferred tax assets and may record a valuation allowance if
 based on all available evidence
 we determine that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of such assets will not be realized. Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be affected by changes in tax laws
 statutory tax rates
 and projected future taxable income levels. Changes in estimated realization of deferred tax assets would result in an adjustment to income in the period in which that determination is made
&#32;and $129.1 at April&#160;30
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise
 we consider all available positive and negative evidence
 including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 tax planning strategies
 and results of operations. For those jurisdictions where the expiration date of tax carry-forwards or the projected operating results indicate that realization is not likely
As of April 30
 2019
 the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries
 primarily in Canada
A significant portion of our assets is goodwill and other intangible assets
 the majority of which are not amortized but are reviewed at least annually for impairment on February 1
April&#160;30
 2019
 the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets totaled $
. If the carrying value of these assets exceeds the current estimated fair value
 the asset is considered impaired
 and this would result in a noncash charge to earnings. Any such impairment charge would reduce earnings and could be material. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common shares
 increased competition or loss of market share
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the product life
 deterioration in macroeconomic conditions
To test for goodwill impairment
 we estimate the fair value of each of our reporting units using both a discounted cash flow valuation technique and a market-based approach. The impairment test incorporates estimates of future cash flows; allocations of certain assets
 liabilities
 and cash flows among reporting units; future growth rates; terminal value amounts; and the applicable weighted-average cost of capital used to discount those estimated cash flows. The estimates and projections used in the calculation of fair value are consistent with our current and long-range plans
 including anticipated changes in market conditions
 industry trends
 growth rates
April&#160;30
 2019
. Goodwill is substantially concentrated within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods
 U.S. Retail Coffee
 and U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segments. During 
 we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $97.9 related to the goodwill of the Natural Foods reporting unit within the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment
 which was driven by a reduction in our long-term net sales and profitability projections. There is no goodwill remaining within the Natural Foods reporting unit as a result of this charge. The estimated fair value of each remaining reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date
 with the exception of the Pet Foods reporting unit
&#32;percent. A sensitivity analysis was performed for the Pet Foods reporting unit
 assuming a hypothetical 50-basis-point decrease in the expected long-term growth rate or a hypothetical 50-basis-point increase in the weighted-average cost of capital
Other indefinite-lived intangible assets
 consisting entirely of trademarks
 are also tested for impairment at least annually and more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable. To test these assets for impairment
 we estimate the fair value of each asset based on a discounted cash flow model using various inputs
 including projected revenues
 an assumed royalty rate
April&#160;30
 2019
April&#160;30
 2019
 the estimated fair value was substantially in excess of the carrying value for the majority of these leading brand trademarks
 and in all instances
 the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value by greater than 10 percent
 with the exception of the indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. During 2019 and 2018
 we recognized impairment charges of $107.2 and $31.9
 respectively
 related to certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
April&#160;30
. In addition
 any significant adverse changes to the forecasted net sales or profitability
 as well as any significant adverse changes in strategy
 could result in future impairment charges which could be material. For additional information
&#32;To determine the ultimate obligation under our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans
 we must estimate the future cost of benefits and attribute that cost to the time period during which each covered employee works. Various actuarial assumptions must be made in order to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement date
 the most significant being the interest rates used to discount the obligations of the plans
 the long-term rates of return on the plans&#8217; assets
 mortality assumptions
 assumed pay increases
 and the health care cost trend rates. We
 along with third-party actuaries and investment managers
We utilize a spot rate methodology for the estimation of service and interest cost for our plans by applying specific spot rates along the yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows
 to provide a better estimate of service and interest costs. For 2020 expense recognition
 we will use weighted-average discount rates for the U.S. defined benefit pension plans of 3.99 percent to determine benefit obligation
 4.20 percent to determine service cost
 and 3.61 percent to determine interest cost
 and a rate of compensation increase of 3.56 percent. For the Canadian defined benefit pension plans
 we will use weighted-average discount rates of 3.21 percent to determine benefit obligation
 3.29 percent to determine service cost
 and 2.86 percent to determine interest cost
 and a rate of compensation increase of 3.00 percent. In addition
 we anticipate using an expected rate of return on plan assets of 5.28 percent and 5.00 percent for the U.S. and Canadian defined benefit pension plans
Certain statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. The forward-looking statements may include statements concerning our current expectations
 estimates
 assumptions
 and beliefs concerning future events
 conditions
 plans
 and strategies that are not historical fact. Any statement that is not historical in nature is a forward-looking statement and may be identified by the use of words and phrases such as &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;plan
Federal securities laws provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information. We are providing this cautionary statement in connection with the safe harbor provisions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements
 as such statements are by nature subject to risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors
 many of which are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements and from our historical results and experience. These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
 those set forth under the caption &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
volatility of commodity
 energy
our ability to implement and realize the full benefit of price changes
the success and cost of marketing and sales programs and strategies intended to promote growth in our businesses
general competitive activity in the market
the impact of accidents
 extreme weather
the concentration of certain of our businesses with key customers and suppliers
 including single-source suppliers of certain key raw materials and finished goods
impairments in the carrying value of goodwill
 other intangible assets
the impact of new or changes to existing governmental laws and regulations and their application
the outcome of tax examinations
 changes in tax laws
Readers are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date made
The following discussions about our market risk disclosures involve forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates
 foreign currency exchange rates
April&#160;30
 2019
 approximates carrying value. We are exposed to interest rate risk with regard to existing debt consisting of fixed- and variable-rate maturities. Our interest rate exposure primarily includes U.S. Treasury rates
 LIBOR
We utilize derivative instruments to manage interest risk associated with anticipated debt transactions
 as well as to manage changes in the fair value of our long-term debt. At the inception of an interest rate contract
 the instrument is evaluated and documented for qualifying hedge accounting treatment. If the contract is designated as a cash flow hedge
 the mark-to-market gains or losses on the contract are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 and reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. If the contract is designated as a fair value hedge
 the contract is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet
 and changes in the fair value are recognized in interest expense. Generally
We entered into interest rate contracts in November 2018 and June 2018
 with notional values of $300.0 and $500.0
 respectively
 to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility associated with anticipated debt financing in 2020. These interest rate contracts are designated as cash flow hedges
 and as a result
 unrealized losses of $49.1 were deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at April 30
 2019. A hypothetical 10 percent decrease in treasury rates at April 30
 2019
In 2018
 we terminated a treasury lock concurrent with the pricing of the Senior Notes due December 15
 2027
 which was designated as a cash flow hedge and used to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility. The termination resulted in a gain of $2.7
In 2015
 we terminated the interest rate swap on the Senior Notes due October 15
 2021
 which was designated as a fair value hedge and used to hedge against the changes in the fair value of the debt. As a result of the early termination
 we received $58.1 in cash
 which included $4.6 of accrued and prepaid interest and a $53.5 benefit that is deferred as a component of the carrying value of the long-term debt and is being recognized ratably as a reduction to interest expense over the remaining life of the related debt. At April&#160;30
 2019
In measuring interest rate risk by the amount of net change in the fair value of our financial liabilities
April&#160;30
 2019
&#32;We have operations outside the U.S. with foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities
 primarily denominated in Canadian currency. Because we have foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities
 financial exposure may result
April&#160;30
 2019
We utilize foreign currency derivatives to manage the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations on future cash payments in Canada
 primarily related to purchases of certain raw materials and finished goods. The contracts generally have maturities of less than one year. We do not qualify instruments used to manage foreign currency exchange exposures for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore
April&#160;30
 2019
Revenues from customers outside the U.S.
 subject to foreign currency exchange
. Thus
 certain revenues and expenses have been
 and are expected to be
 subject to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations
&#32;We use certain raw materials and other commodities that are subject to price volatility caused by supply and demand conditions
 political and economic variables
 weather
 investor speculation
 and other unpredictable factors. To manage the volatility related to anticipated commodity purchases
 we use derivatives with maturities of generally less than one year. We do not qualify commodity derivatives for hedge accounting treatment. As a result
Year Ended April 30
The estimated fair value was determined using quoted market prices and was based on our net derivative position by commodity for the previous four quarters. The calculations are not intended to represent actual losses in fair value that we expect to incur. In practice
 as markets move
 we actively manage our risk and adjust hedging strategies as appropriate. The commodities hedged have a high inverse correlation to price changes of the derivative instrument; thus
Consolidated Balance Sheets at April&#160;30
For the years ended April&#160;30
 2019
 2018
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate accounting and internal control systems over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance that we have the ability to record
 process
 summarize
Our management
 with the participation of the principal financial officer and principal executive officer
April&#160;30
. In making this assessment
Based on our assessment of internal control over financial reporting under the COSO criteria
April&#160;30
Ernst&#160;&amp; Young LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
April&#160;30
 2019
April&#160;30
 2019
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (&#8220;the COSO criteria&#8221;). In our opinion
 The J. M. Smucker Company (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) maintained
 in all material respects
April&#160;30
 2019
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#8220;PCAOB&#8221;)
April&#160;30
 2019
 and the related statements of consolidated income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity
April&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;17
 2019
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Akron
June&#160;17
April&#160;30
 2019
 and the related statements of consolidated income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity
April&#160;30
 2019
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
April&#160;30
 2019
April&#160;30
 2019
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#8220;PCAOB&#8221;)
April&#160;30
 2019
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework)
June&#160;17
 2019
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Akron
June&#160;17
Management of The J. M. Smucker Company is responsible for the preparation
 integrity
 accuracy
We maintain systems of internal accounting controls supported by formal policies and procedures that are communicated throughout the Company. There is a program of audits performed by our internal audit staff designed to evaluate the adequacy of and adherence to these controls
 policies
Ernst&#160;&amp; Young LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
Our audit committee
 comprised of three independent non-employee members of the Board of Directors
 meets regularly with the independent registered public accounting firm and management to review the work of the internal audit staff and the work
 audit scope
 timing arrangements
 and fees of the independent registered public accounting firm. The audit committee also regularly satisfies itself as to the adequacy of controls
 systems
It is our best judgment that our policies and procedures
 our program of internal and independent audits
Year Ended April 30
(Dollars in millions
7
7
7
4
4
4
2
2
2
Selling
 distribution
1
1
1
1
1
1
Other special project costs includes integration and restructuring costs. For more information
Year Ended April 30
1
Cash flow hedging derivative activity
Pension and other postretirement benefit plans activity
Available-for-sale securities activity
1
&#160;&#160;April 30
Trade receivables
1
1
Property
 Plant
2
2
Gross Property
 Plant
3
3
(1
(1
Total Property
 Plant
1
1
6
5
6
5
13
12
16
15
2
1
Long-term debt
4
4
1
1
6
6
8
7
  Authorized &#8211; 6
000
  Authorized &#8211; 300
000
000 shares; outstanding &#8211; 113
742
296 at April&#160;30
 2019
 and 113
572
&#160;&#160;at April&#160;30
 2018 (net of 32
755
434 and 32
924
890 treasury shares
 respectively)
5
5
2
2
7
7
16
15
Year Ended April 30
1
Changes in assets and liabilities
1
1
1
Business acquired
(1
Additions to property
 plant
Proceeds from disposal of property
 plant
(1
1
(1
Balance at May&#160;1
116
306
5
1
7
(3
147
280
Cash dividends declared
Balance at April&#160;30
113
439
5
1
6
1
1
1
(54
187
Cash dividends declared
Balance at April&#160;30
113
572
5
2
7
(50
220
Cash dividends declared
Balance at April&#160;30
113
742
5
2
7
During the fourth quarter of 2018
 we elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2018-02
 
(Dollars and shares in millions
 unless otherwise noted
&#32;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 and its majority-owned investments
&#32;The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that we make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates in these consolidated financial statements include
 among others: estimates of future cash flows associated with assets
 potential asset impairments
 useful lives and residual values of long-lived assets used in determining depreciation and amortization
 net realizable value of inventories
 accruals for trade marketing and merchandising programs
 income taxes
&#32;We consider all short-term
Most of our revenue is derived from the sale of food and beverage products to food retailers and foodservice distributors and operators. We recognize revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer have been satisfied. This occurs when control of our products transfers
Transaction price is based on the list price included in our published price list
 which is then reduced by the estimated impact of variable consideration
 such as trade marketing and merchandising programs
 discounts
 unsaleable product allowances
 returns
 and similar items
 in the same period that the revenue is recognized. To estimate the impact of these costs
 we consider customer contract provisions
 historical data
Our trade marketing and merchandising programs consist of various promotional activities conducted through retail trade
 distributors
 or directly with consumers
 including in-store display and product placement programs
 feature price discounts
 coupons
 and other similar activities. We regularly review and revise
 when we deem necessary
 estimates of costs for these promotional programs based on estimates of what will be redeemed by retail trade
 distributors
 or consumers. These estimates are made using various techniques
 including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. Differences between estimated expenditures and actual performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period. During 
 
 and 
&#32;percent of both consolidated pre-tax income and cash provided by operating activities. Total promotional expenditures
 including amounts classified as a reduction of sales
&#32;percent
&#32;percent
 and 
 
 and 
For revenue disaggregated by reportable segment
 geographical region
 and product category
Transportation costs included in cost of products sold relate to the costs incurred to ship our products. Distribution costs are included in selling
 distribution
 and administrative (&#8220;SD&amp;A&#8221;) expenses and primarily relate to the warehousing costs incurred to store our products. Total distribution costs recorded within SD&amp;A were 
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively.
 
 and 
 
 and 
Research and development (&#8220;R&amp;D&#8221;) costs are expensed as incurred and are included in SD&amp;A in the Statements of Consolidated Income. R&amp;D costs include expenditures for new product and manufacturing process innovation
 which are comprised primarily of internal salaries and wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable 
 
 and 
 
 and 
&#32;Share-based compensation expense
 excluding stock options
 is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
 which includes a 
 dependent on continued service of the option holder
Year Ended April 30
During 2017
 we concluded that a portion of the performance objectives were unachievable
 and therefore reversed the life-to-date compensation cost recognized. For additional information
April&#160;30
 2019
 total unrecognized share-based compensation cost related to nonvested share-based awards was 
 
 and 
 the excess tax benefits realized upon exercise or vesting of share-based compensation were 
 
 and 
 respectively. For further discussion on share-based compensation expense
 see Note 12: Share-Based Payments.
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively. For information on our defined benefit plans
We account for income taxes using the liability method. Accordingly
We account for the financial statement recognition and measurement criteria of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return under FASB ASC 740
. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 and disclosure. In accordance with the requirements of ASC 740
 uncertain tax positions have been classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as noncurrent
On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted the Act
&#32;effective January 1
 2018
 broadened the U.S. federal income tax base
 required companies to pay a one-time transition tax
 and created new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings as part of a new territorial tax regime. For additional information
&#32;In the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers. Trade receivables
 less allowances
by circumstances such as bankruptcy filings or deterioration in the customer&#8217;s operating results or financial position
 potentially making it unable to meet its financial obligations
 we record a specific reserve for bad debt to reduce the related receivable to the amount we reasonably believe is collectible. We also record reserves for bad debt for all other customers based on a variety of factors
 including the length of time the receivables are past due
 historical collection experience
April&#160;30
 2019
 the allowance for doubtful accounts was 
&#32;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 with market being defined as net realizable value
 less costs to sell. Cost for all inventories is determined using the first-in
The cost of finished products and work-in-process inventory includes materials
 direct labor
April&#160;30
 2019
&#32;We account for derivative instruments in accordance with FASB ASC 815
 
 which requires all derivative instruments to be recognized in the financial statements and measured at fair value
We do not qualify commodity derivatives or instruments used to manage foreign currency exchange exposures for hedge accounting treatment and
 as a result
 the derivative gains and losses are immediately recognized in earnings. Although we do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for derivative positions
 we believe all of our derivatives are economic hedges of our risk exposure. The exposures hedged have a high inverse correlation to price changes of the derivative instrument. Thus
We utilize derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with anticipated debt transactions
 as well as to manage changes in the fair value of our long-term debt. At the inception of the contract
 the instrument is evaluated and documented for hedge accounting treatment. If the contract is designated as a cash flow hedge
 the mark-to-market gains or losses on the contract are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 and reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. If the contract is designated as a fair value hedge
 the contract is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet
 and changes in the fair value are recognized in interest expense. Generally
Property
 Plant
&#32;Property
 plant
&#32;years for machinery and equipment
&#32;years for capitalized software costs
&#32;years for buildings
 fixtures
We lease certain land
 buildings
 and equipment for varying periods of time
 with renewal options. Rent expense in 
 
 and 
 
 and 
April&#160;30
 2019
 our minimum operating lease obligations were as follows: 
 
 
 
In accordance with FASB ASC 360
Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 long-lived assets
 other than goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future net undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by such assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its estimated fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of by sale are recognized as held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Furthermore
 determining fair value is subject to estimates of both cash flows and discount rates
April&#160;30
&#32;Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price paid over the estimated fair value of the net assets of a business acquired. In accordance with FASB ASC 350
Intangibles &#8211; Goodwill and Other
current year annual impairment test date
&#32;reporting units. A discounted cash flow valuation technique was utilized to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. We also used a market-based approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The discount rates utilized in the cash flow analyses were developed using a weighted-average cost of capital methodology. In addition to the annual test
 we test for impairment if events or circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying amount. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives
 which are evaluated on an annual basis. For additional information
April&#160;30
 2019
 the fair value of these investments was 
 respectively
April&#160;30
 2019
 were unrealized pre-tax gains of 
Investments in common stock of entities other than our consolidated subsidiaries are accounted for under the equity method in accordance with FASB ASC 323
. Under the equity method
 the initial investment is recorded at cost and the investment is subsequently adjusted for its proportionate share of earnings or losses
During 2017
&#32;percent equity interest in Guilin Seamild Biologic Technology Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Seamild&#8221;)
 a privately-owned manufacturer and marketer of oats products in China. We received proceeds from the sale of 
 net of transaction costs
&#32;and was included in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The investment in Seamild did not have a material impact on International and Away From Home or the consolidated financial statements for the year ended April&#160;30
Additionally
&#32;percent equity interest in Mountain Country Foods
 LLC
&#32;percent equity interest in Numi
April&#160;30
Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates
April&#160;30
 2019
 were foreign currency losses of 
&#32;In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15
. ASU 2018-15 aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. It will be effective for us on May 1
 2020
 with the option to early adopt at any time prior to the effective date
 and will require adoption on either a retrospective or prospective basis for all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We expect to early adopt as of May 1
 2019
In August 2018
 the FASB also issued ASU 2018-14
&#160;
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension or other postretirement benefit plans. The guidance removes disclosures that are no longer considered cost beneficial and adds new and clarifies certain other disclosure requirements. ASU 2018-14 will be effective for us on May 1
 2020
 with the option to early adopt at any time prior to the effective date
In August 2018
 the SEC adopted the final rule under SEC Release No. 33-10532
&#160;
 to eliminate or modify certain disclosure rules that are redundant
 outdated
 or duplicative of U.S. GAAP or other regulatory requirements. Among other changes
 the amendments remove the requirement to provide the ratio of earnings to fixed charges exhibit and reduce the requirements for supplemental pro forma information related to business combinations. The annual requirement to disclose dividends declared and the high and low trading prices of our common stock each quarter of the two previous years is also removed. In addition
 the disclosure requirements related to the analysis of shareholders' equity are expanded for interim financial statements. An analysis of the changes in each caption of shareholders&#8217; equity presented in the balance sheet must be provided in a note or separate statement
 as well as the amount of dividends per share for each class of shares. Although this rule was effective on November 5
 2018
 the SEC is allowing an extended transition period to implement the expanded shareholders&#8217; equity disclosure requirements
 which will be effective for us on May 1
 2019. While the new shareholders&#8217; equity disclosure requirements will impact our interim financial statements beginning in 2020
In March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-07

 which requires the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost to be presented separately from the other components of the net periodic pension cost in the income statement. Additionally
ASU 2017-07 was effective for us on May 1
 2018. The change in presentation of service cost was applied retrospectively
In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16

&#160;which requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset
 other than inventory
ASU 2016-16 was effective for us on May 1
 2018
In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
&#160;
&#160;which makes changes to how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 was effective for us on May 1
 2018
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 
May 1
 2019
 and requires a modified retrospective application. In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
 
 which provides an additional transition method that allows entities to initially apply the new standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption without restating prior periods. We plan to utilize this transition method upon adoption
 and as a result
Our preparation for the adoption of ASU 2016-02 is substantially complete. We have compiled an inventory of our lease arrangements in order to determine the impact the new guidance will have on our financial statements and disclosures and have implemented new lease accounting software in preparation for the standard&#8217;s additional reporting requirements. We have elected certain practical expedients available under the guidance
 including a package of practical expedients which allows us to not reassess prior conclusions related to contracts containing leases
 lease classification
Based on our assessment to date
May 1
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity must recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. It requires additional disclosures to enable users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing
May 1
 2018
The raw materials we use are primarily commodities
 agricultural-based products
 and packaging materials. The principal packaging materials we use are plastic
 glass
 metal cans
 caps
 carton board
 and corrugate. Green coffee
 peanuts
 animal protein meals
 oils and fats
 sweeteners
 grains
 fruit
 and other ingredients are obtained from various suppliers. The availability
 quality
 and cost of many of these commodities have fluctuated
 and may continue to fluctuate over time. Green coffee is sourced solely from foreign countries
 and its supply and price are subject to high volatility due to factors such as weather
 global supply and demand
 plant disease
 investor speculation
 and political and economic conditions in the source countries. Raw materials are generally available from numerous sources
 although we have elected to source certain plastic packaging materials and finished goods
dog snacks
 from single sources of supply pursuant to long-term contracts. While availability may vary from year to year
We have consolidated our production capacity for certain products
 including substantially all of our coffee
dog snacks
 fruit spreads
 toppings
 and syrups
 into single manufacturing sites. Although steps are taken at all of our manufacturing sites to reduce the likelihood of a production disruption
Of our total employees
&#32;manufacturing locations. The contracts vary in term
&#32;contracts expiring in 2020
We insure our business and assets in each country against insurable risks
 to the extent that we deem appropriate
On May 14
 2018
 we acquired the stock of Ainsworth in an all-cash transaction
 valued at 
 inclusive of a working capital adjustment. The transaction was funded with a bank term loan and borrowings under our commercial paper program of approximately 
 respectively. For additional information on the financing associated with this transaction
Ainsworth is a leading producer
 distributor
 and marketer of premium pet food and pet snacks
brand
 which is driving significant growth in the premium pet food category. Ainsworth also sells pet food and pet snacks under several additional branded and private label trademarks. Prior to acquisition
 Ainsworth was a privately-held company headquartered in Meadville
 Pennsylvania. In addition to its headquarters
&#32;manufacturing facilities owned by Ainsworth
 which are located in Meadville
 Pennsylvania
 and Frontenac
 Kansas
 and a leased distribution facility in Greenville
The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting
 and accordingly
 the results of Ainsworth&#8217;s operations
&#32;in operating income
 are included in our consolidated financial statements  in 2019. The operating income was reduced by the recognition of an unfavorable fair value purchase accounting adjustment of 
The final purchase price was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. We determined the estimated fair values based on independent appraisals
 discounted cash flow analyses
 quoted market prices
 and other estimates made by management. The purchase price exceeded the estimated fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired
 and the excess was recognized as goodwill.  Changes to the preliminary fair values during 2019 resulted in a net adjustment to goodwill of 
Property
 plant
1
2
1
As a result of the acquisition
&#32;within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. Goodwill represents the value we expect to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and growth opportunities as we integrate Ainsworth into our U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. Of the total goodwill
&#32;was deductible for income tax purposes at the acquisition date
&#32;remains deductible at April 30
 2019. The goodwill and indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 inclusive of the recently acquired Ainsworth business
 remain susceptible to future impairment charges
 as the carrying values approximate estimated fair values. Any significant adverse change in our near or long-term projections or macroeconomic conditions would result in future impairment charges. For more information
1
Ainsworth&#8217;s results of operations are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the transaction within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. Had the transaction occurred on May 1
 2017
 unaudited pro forma consolidated results for 2019 and 2018
Year Ended April 30
7
8
1
The unaudited pro forma consolidated results are based on our historical financial statements and those of Ainsworth
 and do not necessarily indicate the results of operations that would have resulted had the acquisition been completed at the beginning of the applicable period presented. The most significant pro forma adjustments relate to the elimination of nonrecurring acquisition-related costs incurred prior to the close of the transaction
 amortization of acquired intangible assets
 depreciation of acquired property
 plant
 and equipment
Integration and restructuring costs primarily consist of employee-related costs and other transition and termination costs related to certain acquisition or restructuring activities. Employee-related costs include severance
 retention bonuses
 and relocation costs. Severance costs and retention bonuses are recognized over the estimated future service period of the affected employees
 and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Other transition and termination costs include fixed asset-related charges
 contract and lease termination costs
 professional fees
 and other miscellaneous expenditures associated with the integration or restructuring activities
 which are expensed as incurred. These integration and restructuring costs are not allocated to segment profit
 and the majority of these costs are reported in other special project costs in the Statements of Consolidated Income. The obligation related to employee separation costs is included in other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 the majority of which are expected to be cash charges. Of the total anticipated integration costs
at April 30
&#32;were included in the integration costs incurred during 2019
 which primarily consisted of accelerated depreciation
&#32;at April 30
All integration activities related to the acquisition of Big Heart were complete as of April 30
 2018
 and as a result
t incur any integration costs during 2019. During 2018 and 2017
 we incurred total integration costs of 
 respectively. Noncash charges of 
 respectively
&#32;at April&#160;30
 
 and was fully satisfied at April 30
An organization optimization program was approved by the Board during the fourth quarter of 2016. Under this program
 we identified opportunities to reduce costs and optimize the organization. Related projects included an organizational redesign and the optimization of our manufacturing footprint. The program was expanded at the end of 2018 to include the restructuring of our geographic footprint
 which includes the centralization of our pet food and pet snacks business
 as well as certain international non-manufacturing functions
 to our corporate headquarters in Orrville
 Ohio
 furthering collaboration and enhanced agility
The organization optimization program was completed during 2019
 and as a result
 we closed our international offices in China and Mexico
 as well as the San Francisco and Burbank
 California
 offices. Furthermore
 all coffee production at our Harahan
 Louisiana
 facility was consolidated into one of our coffee facilities in New Orleans
 Louisiana
at April 30
 2019
 
 
 respectively. Noncash charges included in total restructuring costs incurred to date were 
April&#160;30
 2019
On August 31
 2018
 we sold our U.S. baking business to Brynwood Partners VII L.P. and Brynwood Partners VIII L.P.
 subsidiaries of Brynwood Partners
 an unrelated party. The transaction included products that were primarily sold in U.S. retail channels under the 
 


brands
 along with all relevant trademarks and licensing agreements
 and our manufacturing facility in Toledo
 Ohio. This business generated net sales of approximately 
 which were net of cash transaction costs and included a working capital adjustment. Upon completion of the transaction
&#160;during 2019
&#32;reportable segments: U.S. Retail Coffee
 U.S. Retail Consumer Foods
 U.S. Retail Pet Foods
 and International and Away From Home. 


 
Rachael Ray Nutrish
 Meow Mix





branded products. The International and Away From Home segment comprises products distributed domestically and in foreign countries through retail channels and foodservice distributors and operators (e.g.
 restaurants
 lodging
 schools and universities
Effective May 1
 2018
 the convenience store channel
 which was previously included in the U.S. retail segments
Segment profit represents net sales
 less direct and allocable operating expenses
 and is consistent with the way in which we manage our segments. However
 we do not represent that the segments
 if operated independently
 would report operating profit equal to the segment profit set forth below
 as segment profit excludes certain expenses such as corporate administrative expenses
 unallocated gains and losses on commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative activities
Commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative gains and losses are reported in unallocated derivative gains and losses outside of segment operating results until the related inventory is sold. At that time
 we reclassify the hedge gains and losses from unallocated derivative gains and losses to segment profit
Year Ended April 30
2
2
2
1
1
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
7
7
7
1
1
1
4
4
4
2
3
3
7
5
6
1
1
1
16
15
15
Depreciation
 amortization
Total depreciation
 amortization
Additions to property
 plant
Total additions to property
 plant
Special project costs include integration and restructuring costs. For more information
Primarily represents unallocated corporate administrative expense
Year Ended April 30
7
6
6
7
7
7
16
14
15
16
15
15
2
1
1
2
1
1
Year Ended April 30
2
2
2
1
7
7
7
&#32;percent
&#32;percent
&#32;percent of net sales in 2019
 2018
 and 
April&#160;30
 2019
 included amounts due from Walmart Inc. and subsidiaries of 
Year Ended April 30
1
1
Balance at May&#160;1
2
1
1
6
Balance at April&#160;30
2
1
1
5
Balance at April&#160;30
2
1
2
6
The amounts reflected in this table represent the accumulated goodwill impairment charges
The following table summarizes our other intangible assets and related accumulated amortization and impairment charges
April 30
April 30
4
1
3
3
2
5
1
3
4
1
3
3
3
3
2
8
1
6
7
1
5
916.5
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively. The weighted-average useful lives of the customer and contractual relationships
 patents and technology
 and trademarks are 
 
 and 
April&#160;30
 2019
 the estimated amortization expense is 
 
 
 
During the third quarter of 2019
 we began our annual planning cycle
 inclusive of a strategy review within our strategic business areas. Our planning process was not complete at the end of the third quarter; however
 we made some decisions related to certain brands resulting in a reduction in our long-term forecasted net sales of certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 excluding the acquired Ainsworth business. As a result of the strategic decisions made at that time
 the reduction in long-term forecasted net sales for these indefinite-lived trademarks
 and the narrow differences between fair value and carrying value as of April 30
 2018
 we performed an interim impairment analysis on these trademarks during the third quarter of 2019
As of February 1
 2019
 we completed the annual impairment review
&#32;reporting units. As a result
 we recognized an impairment charge of 
 related to the goodwill of the Natural Foods reporting unit within the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment
 which was driven by a reduction in our long-term net sales and profitability projections. The reduction in projections for the Natural Foods reporting unit was driven by certain brand-specific strategic decisions made during the fourth quarter of 2019 that prioritized investments in growth brands outside of the reporting unit
 as well as the impact of recent category trends. The goodwill impairment charge was included as a noncash charge in our Statement of Consolidated Income and represents the remaining carrying value of the goodwill within the reporting unit. Furthermore
 we completed an impairment review of the remaining long-lived assets within the Natural Foods reporting unit and did not recognize any additional impairment. Related to the remaining reporting units
As of the annual test date
 the estimated fair value was substantially in excess of the carrying value for the majority of the remaining reporting units and material indefinite-lived intangible assets
 and in all instances
 the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value by greater than 10 percent
 with the exception of the Pet Foods reporting unit and all indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. The carrying values of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment were 
 respectively
 as of April 30
 2019. These intangible assets are susceptible to future impairment charges due to narrow differences between fair value and carrying value as a result of recent impairment charges and the acquisition of Ainsworth in May 2018. Additional sensitivity analyses were performed for the Pet Foods reporting unit
 assuming a hypothetical 50-basis-point decrease in the expected long-term growth rate or a hypothetical 50-basis-point increase in the weighted-average cost of capital. Both scenarios independently yielded an estimated fair value for the Pet Foods reporting unit below carrying value. Therefore
 any significant adverse changes to the forecasted net sales or profitability
 as well as any significant adverse changes in strategy
During the third quarter of 2018
 as a result of a decline in forecasted net sales for the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment in combination with the narrow differences between estimated fair value and carrying value of the Pet Foods reporting unit and indefinite-lived trademarks as of April 30
 2017
&#32;in 2018
&#32;related to the goodwill of the Pet Foods reporting unit and certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 respectively. These noncash charges were included in our Statement of Consolidated Income. Furthermore
 at that time
 we adopted ASU 2017-04
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment
in connection with the third quarter of 2018 interim impairment analysis. As a result
 we did not perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test for the goodwill of the Pet Foods reporting unit
 and recorded the impairment charge based on the excess of the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value over its fair value
April 30
April 30
2.20% Senior Notes due December 6
2.50% Senior Notes due March&#160;15
3.50% Senior Notes due October&#160;15
3.00% Senior Notes due March&#160;15
3.50% Senior Notes due March&#160;15
1
1
3.38% Senior Notes due December 15
4.25% Senior Notes due March&#160;15
4.38% Senior Notes due March&#160;15
Term Loan Credit Agreement due May 14
5
5
4
4
Total long-term debt
4
4
4
4
Represents the carrying amount included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 which includes the impact of capitalized debt issuance costs
 terminated interest rate contracts
We entered into interest rate contracts in November 2018 and June 2018
 with notional values of 
 respectively
 to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility associated with anticipated debt financing in 2020. These interest rate contracts are designated as cash flow hedges
 and as a result
 the mark-to-market gains or losses on these contracts are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. At April 30
 2019
&#32;were deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for these derivative instruments. For additional information
In April 2018
. The full amount of the Term Loan was drawn on May 14
 2018
 to partially finance the Ainsworth acquisition
 as discussed in Note 2: Acquisition. Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest on the prevailing U.S. Prime Rate or LIBOR
 based on our election
 and is payable either on a quarterly basis or at the end of the borrowing term. The Term Loan does not require scheduled amortization payments. Voluntary prepayments are permitted without premium or penalty. As of April 30
 2019
&#32;on the Term Loan to date. The interest rate on the Term Loan at April 30
 2019
 was 
&#32;was incurred upon drawing on the Term Loan in 2019
April&#160;30
 2019
 are unsecured
 and interest is paid semiannually
&#32;percent of the principal amount thereof
 together with the accrued and unpaid interest
&#32;banks that matures in September 2022. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest on the prevailing U.S. Prime Rate
 LIBOR
 or Canadian Dealer Offered Rate
April&#160;30
We participate in a commercial paper program under which we can issue short-term
April&#160;30
 2019
&#32;of short-term borrowings outstanding
 respectively
&#32;percent
 respectively. 
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively. This differs from interest expense due to the amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts
 effect of interest rate contracts
 capitalized interest
 payment of other debt fees
Our debt instruments contain certain financial covenant restrictions
In addition to providing pension benefits
 we sponsor several unfunded postretirement plans that provide health care and life insurance benefits to certain retired U.S. and Canadian employees. These plans are contributory
 with retiree contributions adjusted periodically
 and contain other cost-sharing features
Year Ended April 30
We amortize gains and losses for our postretirement plans over the average expected future period of vested service. For plans that consist of less than 5 percent of participants that are active
April 30
The following table summarizes amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
April 30

 we expect to recognize amortization of net actuarial losses and prior service credit of 
 respectively
As of April 30
 2017
 we changed the approach utilized to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Historically
 we estimated the service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. As of April 30
 2017
 we utilized a spot rate approach for the estimation of service and interest cost for our plans by applying specific spot rates along the yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows
 to provide a better estimate of service and interest costs. This approach does not affect the measurement of the total benefit obligations
 and has been accounted for as a change in estimate that is effected by a change in accounting principle. As such
 we accounted for this change in methodology on a prospective basis beginning May 1
 2017
April 30

&#32;for the U.S. and Canadian plans
April&#160;30
The following table sets forth selective information pertaining to our Canadian pension and other postretirement benefit plans
Year Ended April&#160;30
April 30
We employ a total return on investment approach for the defined benefit pension plans&#8217; assets. A mix of equity
 fixed-income
 and alternative investments is used to maximize the long-term rate of return on assets for the level of risk. In determining the expected long-term rate of return on the defined benefit pension plans&#8217; assets
 we consider the historical rates of return
 the nature of investments
 the asset allocation
April&#160;30
 2019
 respectively
&#32;of assets in fixed-income securities
Plan Assets At April 30
Plan Assets At April 30
&#32;and are classified as Level 1 assets. Based on the short-term nature of these assets
This category is invested primarily in common stocks and other equity securities traded on active exchanges of foreign issuers located outside the U.S. The fund invests primarily in developed countries
This category is primarily comprised of bond funds
 which seek to duplicate the return characteristics of high-quality U.S. and foreign corporate bonds with a duration range of 10 to 
Principal holdings
This category is comprised of fixed-income funds that invest primarily in government-related bonds of non-U.S. issuers and include investments in the Canadian
This category is comprised of a real estate fund whereby the underlying investments are contained in the Canadian market
 a common collective trust fund investing in direct commercial property funds
 and a private limited investment partnership in 2018. The real estate fund and the collective trust fund investing in direct commercial property are classified as a Level 2 asset
 whereby the underlying securities are valued utilizing quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets and based on the quoted market prices of the underlying investments in the common collective trust
This category is comprised of a private equity fund that consists primarily of limited partnership interests in corporate finance and venture capital funds
 as well as a private limited investment partnership. The fair value estimates of the private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are based on the underlying funds&#8217; net asset values further as a practical expedient equivalent to the Company&#8217;s defined benefit plan&#8217;s ownership interest in partners&#8217; capital
 whereby a proportionate share of the net assets is attributed and further corroborated by our review. The private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are non-redeemable
 and the return of principal is based on the liquidation of the underlying assets. In accordance with ASU 2015-07
 the private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are removed from the total financial assets measured at fair value and disclosed separately. 
 
 
 
 
&#32;multi-employer pension plan
 the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund (&#8220;Bakery and Confectionery Union Fund&#8221;) (52-6118572)
 which provides defined benefits to certain union employees. During 
&#32;was contributed to the plan
 respectively
The risks of participating in multi-employer pension plans are different from the risks of participating in single-employer pension plans. For instance
 the assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 and if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan allocable to the withdrawing employer may be the responsibility of the remaining participating employers. Additionally
 if we stop participating in the multi-employer pension plan
 we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on our allocable share of the underfunded status of the plan
&#32;Zone (Critical) if it has a current funded percentage less than 65 percent. A plan is in the Yellow Zone (Endangered) if it has a current funded percentage of less than 80 percent or projects a credit balance deficit within seven years. A plan is in the Green Zone (Healthy) if it has a current funded percentage greater than 80 percent and does not have a projected credit balance deficit within seven years. The zone status is based on the plan&#8217;s year-end
 not our fiscal year-end. The zone status is based on information that we received from the plan and is certified by the plan&#8217;s actuary. During calendar year 2018
 the Bakery and Confectionery Union Fund was in Red Zone status
&#32;percent. A funding improvement plan
 or rehabilitation plan
We are exposed to market risks
 such as changes in commodity prices
 foreign currency exchange rates
 and interest rates. To manage the volatility related to these exposures
&#32;We enter into commodity derivatives to manage the price volatility and reduce the variability of future cash flows related to anticipated inventory purchases of key raw materials
 notably green coffee
 corn
 edible oils
 soybean meal
 and wheat. We also enter into commodity derivatives to manage price risk for energy input costs
We do not qualify commodity derivatives for hedge accounting treatment
 and as a result
 the derivative gains and losses are immediately recognized in earnings. Although we do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for derivative positions
The commodities hedged have a high inverse correlation to price changes of the derivative instrument. Thus
&#32;We utilize derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with anticipated debt transactions
 as well as to manage changes in the fair value of our long-term debt. At the inception of an interest rate contract
 the instrument is evaluated and documented for qualifying hedge accounting treatment. If the contract is designated as a cash flow hedge
 the mark-to-market gains or losses on the contract are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. If the contract is designated as a fair value hedge
 the contract is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet and changes in the fair value are recognized in interest expense. Generally
We entered into interest rate contracts in November 2018 and June 2018
 with notional values of 
 respectively
 to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility associated with anticipated debt financing in 2020. These interest rate contracts are designated as cash flow hedges
 and as a result
&#32;were deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at April 30
In 2018
 we terminated a treasury lock concurrent with the pricing of the Senior Notes due December 15
 2027
 which was designated as a cash flow hedge and used to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility. The termination resulted in a gain of&#160;
In 2015
 we terminated the interest rate swap on the Senior Notes due October 15
 2021
 which was designated as a fair value hedge and used to hedge against the changes in the fair value of the debt. As a result of the early termination
&#32;in cash
&#32;of accrued and prepaid interest. The gain on termination was recorded as an increase in the long-term debt balance and is being recognized over the remaining life of the underlying debt as a reduction of interest expense. To date
&#32;of the gain
 of which $
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively. The remaining gain will be recognized as follows: 
 
April 30
April 30
April&#160;30
 2019
 we maintained cash margin account balances of 
 respectively
 included in other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The change in the cash margin account balances is included in other &#8211; net
 investing activities in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. In the event of default and immediate net settlement of all of our open positions with individual counterparties
Interest expense &#8211; net
 as presented in the Statements of Consolidated Income
 was 
 
 and 
 
 and 
Year Ended April 30
April&#160;30
 2019
 were deferred net pre-tax losses of 
 respectively
April&#160;30
 2019
Year Ended April 30
Commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative gains and losses are reported in unallocated derivative gains and losses outside of segment operating results until the related inventory is sold. At that time
 we reclassify the hedge gains and losses from unallocated derivative gains and losses to segment profit
Year Ended April 30
April&#160;30
 2019
 were losses of 
Year Ended April 30
Financial instruments
 other than derivatives
 that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash investments
 short-term borrowings
 and trade receivables. The carrying value of these financial instruments approximates fair value. Our remaining financial instruments
 with the exception of long-term debt
April 30
April 30
(5
(5
(4
(4
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Valuation techniques are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from independent sources
Fair&#160;Value&#160;at&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; April&#160;30
(4
(5
(4
(5
Fair&#160;Value&#160;at&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; April&#160;30
(4
(4
(4
(4
Marketable securities and other investments consist of funds maintained for the payment of benefits associated with nonqualified retirement plans. The funds include equity securities listed in active markets
 municipal obligations valued by a third-party using valuation techniques that utilize inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
. Based on the short-term nature of these money market funds
April&#160;30
 2019
 our municipal obligations are scheduled to mature as follows: 
 
 
 
&#32;and beyond. For additional information
Level 1 commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives are valued using quoted market prices for identical instruments in active markets. Level 2 commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives are valued using quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets. The Level 2 interest rate contracts are valued using standard valuation techniques
 the income approach
 and observable Level 2 market expectations at the measurement date to convert future amounts to a single discounted present value. Level 2 inputs for the valuation of the interest rate contracts are limited to prices that are observable for the asset or liability. For additional information
Long-term debt is composed of public Senior Notes classified as Level 1 and the Term Loan classified as Level 2. The public Senior Notes are traded in an active secondary market and valued using quoted prices. The fair value of the Term Loan is based on the net present value of each interest and principal payment calculated utilizing an interest rate derived from an estimated yield curve obtained from independent pricing sources for similar types of term loan borrowing arrangements. For additional information
Furthermore
&#32;during 2019
&#32;related to the goodwill of the Natural Foods reporting unit within the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment and certain indefinite-lived trademarks in the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 respectively. During 2018
 we recognized impairment charges of&#160;
&#32;related to the goodwill of the Pet Foods reporting unit and certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
Consolidated Income. We utilized Level 3 inputs based on management&#8217;s best estimates and assumptions to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived trademarks. For additional information
We provide for equity-based incentives to be awarded to key employees and non-employee directors. Currently
 these incentives consist of restricted shares
 restricted stock units (which may also be referred to as deferred stock units)
 performance units
 and stock options. These awards are administered primarily through the 2010 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan initially approved by our shareholders in August 2010 and re-approved in August 2015. Awards under this plan may be in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted shares
 restricted stock units
 performance shares
 performance units
 incentive awards
 and other share-based awards. Awards under this plan may be granted to our non-employee directors
 consultants
 officers
 and other employees. Deferred stock units granted to non-employee directors vest immediately and
 along with dividends credited on those deferred stock units
April&#160;30
 2019
5
380
Under the 2010 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan
 we have the option to settle share-based awards by issuing common shares from treasury
 issuing new Company common shares
 or issuing a combination of common shares from treasury and new Company common shares.
 dependent on the continued service of the option holder
 as well as the achievement of performance objectives established on the grant date. The exercise price of all stock options granted was equal to the market value of the shares on the date of grant
Outstanding at May&#160;1
823
423
Outstanding at April&#160;30
400
Exercisable at April&#160;30
400
April&#160;30
 2019
 both with an average remaining contractual term of 
 and during both 2019 and 
Compensation cost related to stock options is recognized ratably over the service period from the grant date through the end of the requisite service period to the extent the performance objectives are likely to be achieved. During 2019
t recognize any compensation cost related to stock options
 as the requisite service period ended on April 30
&#32;for the year ended April 30
 2018
&#32;for the year ended April 30
 2017
 which was included in other special project costs in the Statements of Consolidated Income. During 2017
 we concluded that a portion of the performance objectives were unachievable
 and therefore reversed the life-to-date compensation cost recognized. The tax expense related to the stock option expense was 
April&#160;30
t receive cash from stock option exercises for the years ended April&#160;30
&#32;for the year ended April&#160;30
The following table is a summary of our restricted shares
 deferred stock units
Outstanding at May 1
542
84
194
85
84
(84
(158
(78
Outstanding at April 30
583
85
154
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively. The vesting date fair value of equity awards other than stock options that vested in 
 
 and 
 
 and 
Year Ended April 30
194
85
136
84
180
73
The performance units column represents the number of restricted shares received by certain executive officers
 subsequent to year-end
&#32;from the date of grant or upon the attainment of a defined age and years of service
Year Ended April 30
Year Ended April 30
Year Ended April 30
&#32;for 2019 includes the permanent tax impacts associated with the sale of the U.S. baking business and a goodwill impairment charge
&#32;for 2018 included the net benefit of our discrete adjustments resulting directly from U.S. tax reform
 as discussed below
On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted the Act
&#32;effective January 1
 2018
 broadened the U.S. federal income tax base
 required companies to pay a one-time transition tax
During the third quarter of 2019
 we finalized our accounting for the income tax effects of enactment of the Act
 as required by ASU 2018-05
 
&#32;previously recorded during 2018. The net benefit included the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the reduced federal income tax rate
Despite the completion of our accounting for the Act
 the amounts recorded may change as a result of future guidance and interpretation from the Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) and various other taxing jurisdictions
We are a voluntary participant in the Compliance Assurance Process (&#8220;CAP&#8221;) program offered by the IRS and are currently under a CAP examination for the tax years ended April 30
 2019 and 2018. Through the contemporaneous exchange of information with the IRS
 this program is designed to identify and resolve tax positions with the IRS prior to the filing of a tax return
 which allows us to remain current with our IRS examinations. The IRS has completed the CAP examinations for the tax years ended April&#160;30
 2017 and 2016. The tax years prior to 2016 are no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examination. With limited exceptions
April 30
1
1
Property
 plant
1
1
Property
 plant
Total deferred tax assets
1
1
In accordance with purchase accounting
&#32;in respect of a federal net operating loss carryforward acquired as part of the Ainsworth acquisition
During 2019
&#32;of international cash in conjunction with the restructuring of our foreign subsidiaries discussed in Note 3: Integration and Restructuring Costs. Applicable foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes
 which were not significant
 have been included in income tax expense. Deferred income taxes have not been provided on approximately 
 
 and 
 of which 
 
&#32;would affect the effective tax rate
 if recognized
April&#160;30
 2019
 
 and 
 respectively. Our accrual for tax-related net interest and penalties totaled 
 
April&#160;30
 2019
 
 and 
&#32;for 2019
 and charged to earnings totaled 
 respectively.
 it is reasonably possible that we could decrease our unrecognized tax benefits by an estimated 
Balance at May&#160;1
Balance at April&#160;30
The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 including the reclassification adjustments for items that are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income
Balance at May&#160;1
Balance at April&#160;30
Balance at April&#160;30
Balance at April&#160;30
The reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense was related to terminated interest rate contracts. The current period charge in 2019 relates to the unrealized losses on the interest rate contracts entered into in November 2018 and June 2018. The prior year credit relates to the gain on the interest rate contract terminated in 2018. For additional information
During 2018
 we adopted ASU 2018-02
&#32;Income Statement &#8211; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
We
 like other food manufacturers
 are from time to time subject to various administrative
 regulatory
 and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We are currently a defendant in a variety of such legal proceedings
 including certain lawsuits related to the alleged price-fixing of shelf stable tuna products prior to 2011 by a business previously owned by
 but divested prior to our acquisition of
 Big Heart
 the significant majority of which we settled during the second half of 2019 and the remainder of which we anticipate resolving in the near future. While we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate results of these proceedings or potential settlements associated with these matters
April&#160;30
Based on the information known to date
 with the exception of the matter discussed below
 we do not believe the final outcome of these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations
On May 9
 2011
 CERT filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of the State of California
 County of Los Angeles
 against us and additional defendants who manufacture
 package
 distribute
 or sell packaged coffee. The lawsuit is CERT v. Brad Barry LLC
 et al.
 and was a tag along to a 2010 lawsuit against companies selling &#8220;ready-to-drink&#8221; coffee based on the same claims. Both cases have since been consolidated and now include nearly eighty defendants
 which constitute the great majority of the coffee industry in California. The Plaintiff alleges that we and the other defendants failed to provide warnings for our coffee products of exposure to the chemical acrylamide as required under Proposition 65. The Plaintiff seeks equitable relief
 including providing warnings to consumers of coffee products
 as well as civil penalties in the amount of the statutory maximum of $2
500.00 per day per violation of Proposition 65. The Plaintiff asserts that every consumed cup of coffee
 absent a compliant warning
As part of a joint defense group organized to defend against the lawsuit
 we dispute the claims of the Plaintiff. Acrylamide is not added to coffee but is inherently present in all coffee in small amounts (measured in parts per billion) as a byproduct of the coffee bean roasting process. We have asserted multiple affirmative defenses. Trial of the first phase of the case commenced on September 8
 2014
September 1
 2015
 the trial court issued a final ruling adverse to the defendants on all Phase 1 defenses. Trial of the second phase of the case commenced in the fall of calendar year 2017. On March 28
 2018
 the trial court issued a proposed ruling adverse to the defendants on the Phase 2 defense
 our last remaining defense to liability. The trial court finalized and affirmed its Phase 2 ruling on May 7
 2018
 and therefore
 the trial on the third phase regarding remedies issues was scheduled to commence on October 15
On June 15
 2018
 the state agency responsible for administering the Proposition 65 program
 the California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (&#8220;OEHHA&#8221;)
 issued a proposed regulation clarifying that cancer warnings are not required for coffee under Proposition 65. The California Court of Appeals granted defendants&#8217; requests to stay the trial on remedies until a final determination was made on OEHHA&#8217;s proposed regulation. The California Office of Administrative Law approved the proposed regulation on June 3
 2019
 and the regulation will go into effect on October 1
 2019
 which should result in the dismissal of this case. However
 prior to the approval of the proposed regulation
 CERT challenged the authority of OEHHA to propose the regulation. Considering the regulation is final
 we expect this challenge to continue. At this stage of the proceedings
 prior to and without knowing whether the trial on remedies issues will move forward in light of the challenge
 we are unable to predict or reasonably estimate the potential loss or effect on our operations. Accordingly
 no loss contingency has been recorded for this matter as of April 30
 2019
 as the likelihood of loss is not considered probable or estimable. The trial court has discretion to impose zero penalties against us or to impose significant statutory penalties if the case proceeds. Significant labeling or warning requirements that could potentially be imposed by the trial court may increase our costs and adversely affect sales of our coffee products
 as well as involve substantial expense and operational disruption
 which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows. Furthermore
 a future appellate court decision could reverse the trial court rulings. The outcome and the financial impact of settlement
 the trial
 or the appellate court rulings of the case
 if any
&#32;vote on each matter submitted to a vote of the shareholders
the adoption of any amendment to the Articles or Amended Regulations
 or the adoption of amended Articles
any proposal or other action to be taken by our shareholders relating to any successor plan to the Rights Agreement
 dated as of May 20
 2009
 between the Company and Computershare Trust Company
any matter relating to any stock option plan
 stock purchase plan
 executive compensation plan
 executive benefit plan
 or other similar plan
 arrangement
the adoption of any agreement or plan of or for the merger
 consolidation
 or majority share acquisition of us or any of our subsidiaries with or into any other person
 whether domestic or foreign
 corporate or noncorporate
 or the authorization of the lease
 sale
 exchange
 transfer
 or other disposition of all
 or substantially all
any matter submitted to our shareholders pursuant to Article Fifth (which relates to procedures applicable to certain business combinations) or Article Seventh (which relates to procedures applicable to certain proposed acquisitions of specified percentages of our outstanding common shares) of the Articles
 as they may be further amended
On the matters listed above
In the event of a change in beneficial ownership
&#32;and 2018
April&#160;30
 2019
The following tables summarize the unaudited quarterly results of operations for the years ended April 30
1
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
Annual net income per common share may not equal the sum of the individual quarters due to differences in the average number of shares outstanding during the respective periods
&#32;Management
 including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule&#160;13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
April&#160;30
&#32;(the &#8220;Evaluation Date&#8221;). Based on that evaluation
 the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that
 as of the Evaluation Date
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1)&#160;recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
 and (2)&#160;accumulated and communicated to management
 including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer
April&#160;30
 2019
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Item 10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Directors
The information required by this Item as to the directors of the Company
 the Audit Committee
 the Audit Committee financial expert
 and compliance with Section&#160;16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the captions &#8220;Election of Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Corporate Governance
&#8221; &#8220;Board and Committee Meetings
August&#160;14
. The information required by this Item as to the executive officers of the Company is incorporated&#160;herein by&#160;reference&#160;to Part I
The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 last revised January 2018
 which applies to our directors
 principal executive officer
 and principal financial and accounting officer. The Board of Directors has adopted charters for each of the Audit
 Executive Compensation
 and Nominating
 Governance
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the captions &#8220;Executive Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Board and Committee Meetings
August&#160;14
August&#160;14
Item 13.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
August&#160;14
August&#160;14
Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of February&#160;3
 2015
 by and among Blue Acquisition Group
 Inc.
 the Company
 SPF Holdings I
 Inc.
 SPF Holdings II
 LLC
 and
 for the limited purposes set forth therein
 Blue Holdings I
Stock Purchase Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of April  4
 2018
 by and among NU Pet Company
 PR Merger Sub I
 LLC
 Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Parent
 LLC
 CP APN
 Inc.
 CP APN
 L.P.
 and
 solely for the limited purpose set forth therein
First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement and Plan of Merger and Side Letter
 dated as of May 14
 2018
  by and among NU Pet Company
 PR Merger Sub I
 LLC
 Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Parent
 LLC
 CP APN
 Inc.
 CP APN
 L.P.
 and
 solely for the limited purpose set forth therein
Rights Agreement
 dated as of May&#160;20
 2009
 by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company
 N.A.
Amendment No. 1
 dated as of February&#160;3
 2015
 to the Rights Agreement
 dated as of May&#160;20
 2009
 between the Company and Computershare Trust Company
 N.A.
Amendment No. 2
 dated as of October&#160;24
 2016
 to the Rights Agreement
 dated as of May&#160;20
 2009
 by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company
 N.A.
Amendment No. 3
 dated as of June 25
 2018
 to the Rights Agreement
 dated as of May 20
 2009
 by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company
 N.A.
 as rights agent
 and subsequently amended as of February 3
 2015
 and October 24
Indenture
 dated as of October&#160;18
 2011
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of October&#160;18
 2011
 among the Company
 the guarantors party thereto
Third Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
 dated June&#160;11
 2010
Indenture
 dated as of March&#160;20
 2015
 between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March&#160;20
 2015
 by and among the Company
 the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association
Second Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of December 7
 2017
 between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association
Nonemployee Director Stock Plan dated January&#160;1
The J. M. Smucker Company Top Management Supplemental Retirement Benefit Plan
 restated as of January 1
Amended and Restated Consulting and Noncompete Agreement of Timothy P. Smucker
 dated as of December&#160;31
Amended and Restated Consulting and Noncompete Agreement of Richard K. Smucker
 dated as of December&#160;31
Termination Amendment to Amended and Restated Consulting and Noncompete Agreement of Timothy P. Smucker
 dated as of April&#160;25
Termination Amendment to Amended and Restated Consulting and Noncompete Agreement of Richard K. Smucker
 dated as of April&#160;25
The J. M. Smucker Company Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan
 Amended and Restated as of December&#160;1
The J. M. Smucker Company 2006 Equity Compensation Plan
 effective August&#160;17
The J. M. Smucker Company Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
The J. M. Smucker Company Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
The J. M. Smucker Company Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 Restated Effective May&#160;1
Amendment No. 1 to The J. M. Smucker Company Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 dated as of December 31
The J. M. Smucker Company Restoration Plan
 Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
Amendment No. 1 to The J. M. Smucker Company Restoration Plan
 dated as of May&#160;1
Amendment No. 2 to The J. M. Smucker Company Restoration Plan
 dated as of December 31
The J. M. Smucker Company 1998 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated Effective June 6
Tax Matters Agreement between The Procter &amp; Gamble Company
 The Folgers Coffee Company
 and the Company
 dated November&#160;6
Intellectual Property Matters Agreement between The Procter &amp; Gamble Company and The Folgers Coffee Company
 dated November&#160;6
Revolving Credit Agreement
 dated as of September 1
 2017
 by and among the Company
 Smucker Foods of Canada Corp.
 a federally incorporated Canadian corporation
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of April 27
 2018
 to the Revolving Credit Agreement
 dated as of September  1
 2017
 among the Company and Smucker Foods of Canada Corp.
 as borrowers
 the lenders party thereto
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between the Company
 as Issuer
Term Loan Credit Agreement
 dated as of April 27
 2018
 among the Company
 as borrower
 the lenders party thereto
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
Certifications of Mark T. Smucker pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
Certifications of Mark R. Belgya pursuant to Rule  13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
Date: June&#160;17
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
June 17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
June&#160;17
The undersigned
 by signing her name hereto
 does sign and execute this report pursuant to the powers of attorney executed by the above-named officers and directors of the registrant
Date: June&#160;17
 2019














		


WHEREAS
&#8221;) is an employee of The J. M. Smucker Company
&#8221;)
WHEREAS
&#8221;) of the Board
&#8221;)
NOW
 THEREFORE
) (such total amount of Performance Units
&#8221;)
 effective as of the Date of Grant
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the following additional terms
 conditions
&#8221; means the occurrence of either of the following: (i) the Grantee becoming unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (ii) the Grantee is
 by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months
.  The Performance Units (and Dividend Equivalents
 as described further in Article II
 Section 5 below) covered by this Agreement are granted to the Grantee effective on the Date of Grant and are subject to and granted upon the terms
 conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan.  The Performance Units and Dividend Equivalents shall become vested in accordance with Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3 hereof.  Each Performance Unit shall represent the right to receive one Common Share (or cash equal to the Market Value per Share) when the Performance Unit vests and shall at all times be equal in value to one hypothetical Common Share (or the Market Value per Share if settled in cash).  The Performance Units and Dividend Equivalents shall be credited to the Grantee in an account established for the Grantee until payment in accordance with Article&#160;II
.  Neither the Performance Units granted hereby (and any applicable Dividend Equivalents)
nor any interest therein or in the Common Shares related thereto
&#8221;)
.  Any Performance Units (and corresponding Dividend Equivalents) not vested shall be forfeited
 except as provided in Article&#160;II
 Sections&#160;3(b)
 3(c)
 3(d)
Notwithstanding the provisions of Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3(a)
&#8221;)
 then the Grantee shall vest in such number of the Performance Units which become &#8220;Vesting Eligible Units&#8221; (based on actual performance) multiplied by a fraction
 the numerator of which is (x) the number of months from the beginning of the Performance Period through the Termination Event (rounded up to the nearest whole month)
 and the denominator of which is (y) 36
Notwithstanding the provisions of Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3(a)
 if&#160;the Grantee dies or Grantee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary for Disability (each
&#8221;)
) by a fraction
 the numerator of which is (x) the number of months from the beginning of the Performance Period through the Qualifying Event (rounded up to the nearest whole month)
 and the denominator of which is (y) 36
 in each case such vesting to occur on the date of Grantee&#8217;s death or termination for Disability
Notwithstanding the provisions of Article II
 Section 3(a)
 if a Change in Control occurs
Notwithstanding the provisions of Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3(a)
&#8221;)
 then the Grantee shall vest in the total number of the Performance Units which become &#8220;Vesting Eligible Units&#8221; (based on actual performance) if such Retirement occurs after the first anniversary of the beginning of the Performance Period
The Company shall issue to the Grantee the Common Shares underlying the vested Performance Units (and corresponding Dividend Equivalents) or
 in the Committee&#8217;s discretion
 shall pay the Grantee cash equal to the Market Value per Share of each Common Share underlying the vested Performance Units (and corresponding Dividend Equivalents)
 as soon as practicable
 but not later than&#160;10&#160;days
 after the earliest to occur of (i)&#160;the Determination Date
 (ii) the date of Grantee&#8217;s death or termination for Disability
 (iii)&#160;the occurrence of a Change in Control as set forth in Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3(d)
&#32;that to the extent that the Grantee is subject to payment of U.S.&#160;tax at the time of such issuance
 then to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section&#160;409A of the Code
 such issuance shall only be made if
 to the extent applicable
&#160;the Change in Control qualifies as a &#8220;change in the ownership of the corporation
&#8221; a &#8220;change in effective control of the corporation
&#8221; or a &#8220;change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the corporation
Except to the extent permitted by the Company and the Plan
 no Common Shares may be issued
 and no cash may be paid with respect to the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents)
Dividend
The Grantee shall have no rights of ownership in the Performance Units
 except for a right to Dividend Equivalents as provided in Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;5(b) below
 and shall have no right to vote the Performance Units until any date on which the Performance Units are settled in Common Shares pursuant to Article&#160;II
The Performance Units granted hereunder are hereby granted in tandem with corresponding dividend equivalents with respect to each Common Share underlying the Performance Units granted hereunder (each
&#8221;)
 which Dividend Equivalent shall remain outstanding from the Date of Grant until the earlier of the settlement or forfeiture of the Performance Unit to which it corresponds.  No Dividend Equivalent shall be paid to the Grantee prior to the settlement of the Performance Units.  Rather
 such Dividend Equivalent payments shall accrue and be notionally credited to the Grantee&#8217;s Performance Unit account and paid out in cash when the underlying Performance Unit is settled in the form of additional Common Shares or cash
 as described in Article II
The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver Common Shares or cash in the future
.  The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal
 state
 and foreign securities laws; 
 
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
.  The parties intend for this Agreement to either comply with
 or be exempt from
 Section&#160;409A of the Code
 to the extent applicable
 and all provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and applied accordingly.  Reference to Section&#160;409A of the Code shall also include any proposed
 temporary
 or final regulations
 or any other guidance
.  To the extent that the Company or any Subsidiary is required to withhold federal
 state
 local
 or foreign taxes in connection with the Performance Units
any applicable Dividend Equivalents
 the payment of cash
 or the issuance of Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement
 and the amounts available to the Company or such Subsidiary for such withholding are insufficient
 it shall be a condition to the issuance of such Common Shares that the Grantee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of such taxes required to be withheld.  The Grantee hereby elects to satisfy this withholding obligation by having withheld
 from the Common Shares otherwise deliverable to the Grantee
 Common Shares having a value equal to the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld.  The Common Shares so retained shall be credited against such withholding requirement at the Market Value per Share on the date of such retention.  The Company may
 at the request of the Grantee
 withhold Common Shares for payment of taxes in excess of the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld; 
 
.  For purposes of this Agreement
 the Continuous Service of the Grantee with the Company or a Subsidiary shall not be deemed to have been interrupted
 and the Grantee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or Subsidiary
.  Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit-sharing
 retirement
 or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company or a Subsidiary.
 
 that no amendment shall impair the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee&#8217;s consent; 
 
.  In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction
 any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof
.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan
 the Plan shall govern.  The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan
 as constituted from time to time
 shall
 except as expressly provided otherwise herein
.  The Grantee agrees that:  (a)&#160;the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company
 it is discretionary in nature
 and it may be modified
 amended
 suspended
 or terminated by the Company at any time; (b)&#160;the grant of the Performance Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of performance units
 or benefits in substitution of performance units
&#8221;)
 he or she acknowledges and accepts the terms and conditions of the Policy as in effect on the Date of Grant; and (g)&#160;in consideration of the grant of the Performance Units
 no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall be created by any forfeiture or other termination of the Performance Units or diminution in value of the Performance Units
 and the Grantee releases the Company and its Subsidiaries from any such claim that may arise.  If any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been created
 then
 by signing this Agreement
 the Grantee shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived the Grantee&#8217;s entitlement to pursue such claim.  References to the Performance Units in this Article II
 Section 15 also refer
 as applicable
.  By executing this Agreement
.  The Company may
 in its sole discretion
 deliver any documents related to the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) and the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan
 or future awards that may be granted under the Plan
 by electronic means or request the Grantee&#8217;s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  The Grantee consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and
 if requested
.  This Agreement is made under
 and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal substantive laws of
 the State of Ohio
. The acceptance of the Performance Units may have consequences under federal and state tax and securities laws that may vary depending upon the individual circumstances of the Grantee.  Accordingly
. The Grantee explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection
 use
 and transfer
 in electronic or other form
 of the Grantee&#8217;s personal data as described in this Agreement by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing
 administering
 and managing the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan.  The Grantee understands that the Company and its Subsidiaries hold (but only process or transfer to the extent required or permitted by local law) the following personal information about the Grantee:  the Grantee&#8217;s name
 home address and telephone number
 date of birth
 social insurance number or other identification number
 salary
 nationality
 job title
 any Common Shares or directorships held in the Company
 details of all options or any other entitlement to Common Shares awarded
 canceled
 exercised
 vested
 unvested
 or outstanding in the Grantee&#8217;s favor
 for the purpose of implementing
 administering
&#8221;).  The Grantee understands that Data may be transferred to third parties assisting in the implementation
 administration
 and management of the Plan
]
 that these recipients may be located in the Grantee&#8217;s country or elsewhere
 and that the recipient&#8217;s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than those that apply in the Grantee&#8217;s country.  The Grantee understands that the Grantee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Grantee&#8217;s local human resources representative.  The Grantee authorizes these recipients to receive
 possess
 use
 retain
 and transfer the Data
 in electronic or other form
 for the purposes of implementing
 administering
 and managing the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan
transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Grantee may elect to deposit any shares acquired upon the vesting of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents).  The Grantee understands that Data shall be held only as long as is necessary to implement
 administer
 and manage the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan and in accordance with local law.  The Grantee understands that the Grantee may
 at any time
 view Data
 request additional information about the storage and processing of Data
 require any necessary amendments to Data
 or refuse or withdraw the consents herein
 in any case without cost
 by contacting in writing the Grantee&#8217;s local human resources representative.  The Grantee understands
 however
 that refusing or withdrawing the Grantee&#8217;s consent may affect the Grantee&#8217;s ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of the Grantee&#8217;s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent
. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors
. This Agreement
 the Plan
 and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof
The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of an executed original of this Agreement
 together with a copy of the prospectus for the Plan
 dated __________
 summarizing key provisions of the Plan
The Performance Units eligible to vest shall be determined 75% based upon the Company&#8217;s EPS and 25% based upon the Company&#8217;s ROIC.  The total number of Performance Units eligible to vest in respect of the Performance Period shall be equal to the sum of (i) the number of EPS Qualified Shares plus (ii) the number of ROIC Qualified Shares (such number
&#32;of the year following the end of the Performance Period (the date on which the Committee makes the actual determination
&#8221;).  In the event of a Change in Control
 the Committee shall equitably adjust the EPS and ROIC metrics and shall calculate the performance through the date of the Change in Control.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the EPS is below the Threshold Level set forth above for the Performance Period
(A) If the EPS is at the Threshold Level
(B) If the EPS is above the Threshold Level
 then the percentage of the award is determined by mathematical interpolation: (i) for each increase of 1% from 90% of the Target Level to and including 95% of the Target Level
 the percentage of the award increases by 7.5%; (ii) for each increase of 1% from 95% of the Target Level to and including 105% of the Target Level
 the percentage of the award increases by 2.5%; (iii) for each increase of 1% from 105% of the Target Level to and including 110% of the Target Level
 the percentage of the award increases by 5%; and (iv) for each increase of 1% above 110% of the Target Level but below the Maximum Level
(C) If the EPS is at or above the Maximum Level
The determination of the EPS achievement shall be made by the Committee at the conclusion of the Performance Period and no later than the Determination Date
(A) If the ROIC is at the Threshold Level
(B) If the ROIC is above the Threshold Level
 then the percentage of the award is determined by mathematical interpolation: (i) for each increase of 1% from 90% of the Target Level to and including 95% of the Target Level
 the percentage of the award increases by 7.5%; (ii) for each increase of 1% from 95% of the Target Level to and including 105% of the Target Level
 the percentage of the award increases by 2.5%; (iii) for each increase of 1% from 105% of the Target Level to and including 110% of the Target Level
each increase of 1% above 110% of the Target Level but below the Maximum Level
(C) If the ROIC is at or above the Maximum Level
As a condition to the Grantee&#8217;s receipt of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) awarded to the Grantee under the terms of the Performance Units Agreement between the Grantee and The J. M. Smucker Company
&#8221;)
&#8221;)
&#8221; means any organization controlling
 controlled by
&#8221; means the Company&#8217;s technical or business or personnel information not readily available to the public or generally known in the trade
 including inventions
 developments
 trade secrets and other confidential information
 knowledge
 data and know-how of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 whether or not they originated with the Grantee
&#8221; means any product
 process
 machine
 or service of any person or organization
 other than the Company or any Affiliated Company
 in existence or under development (i) that resembles or competes with a product
 process
 machine
 or service upon or with which the Grantee shall have worked during the two years prior to the Grantee&#8217;s termination of service with the Company or any Affiliated Company or (ii) with respect to which during that period of time the Grantee
 as a result of his or her job performance and duties
 shall have acquired knowledge of Confidential Information
 and whose use or marketability could be enhanced by application to it of Confidential Information. For purposes of this section
&#8221; means any person or organization that is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development
 production
 marketing
The Grantee agrees that at all times
 both during and after the term of the Grantee&#8217;s service with the Company or any Affiliated Company
 to hold in the strictest confidence
 and not to use (except for the benefit of the Company at the Company&#8217;s direction) or disclose (except for the benefit of the Company at the Company&#8217;s direction)
 regardless of when disclosed to the Grantee
 any and all Confidential Information of the Company or any Affiliated Company. The Grantee understands that for purposes of this Section 2
 Confidential Information further includes
 but is not limited to
 information pertaining to any aspect of the business of the Company or any Affiliated Company which is either information not known (or known as a result of a wrongful act of the Grantee or of others who were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved) by actual or potential competitors of the Company or other third parties not under confidentiality obligations to the Company. If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee discloses or uses
 or threatens to disclose or use
 any Confidential Information other than in the course of performing authorized services for the Company (or any Affiliated Company)
 the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents)
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares or cash upon settlement of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 for himself or herself or any third party
 directly or indirectly
 from using Confidential Information to (i) divert or attempt to divert from the Company (or any Affiliated Company) any business of any kind in which it is engaged
 or (ii) intentionally solicit its customers with which it has a contractual relationship as to Conflicting Products
 or to interfere with the contractual relationship with any of its suppliers or customers (collectively
&#8221;). If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee breaches his or her obligation not to Interfere
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares or cash upon settlement of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) shall not have been earned and the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents)
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
 and the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares or the pre-tax cash amount received in connection with the settlement of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents). For avoidance of doubt
 the term &#8220;Interfere&#8221; shall not include any advertisement of Conflicting Products through the use of media intended to reach a broad public audience (such as television
 cable
 or radio broadcasts
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information
 as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares or cash upon settlement of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 for himself or herself or any third party
 directly or indirectly
 from soliciting for employment any person employed by the Company
 or by any Affiliated Company
&#8221;). If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee breaches his or her obligation not to Solicit
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon settlement of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) shall not have been earned and the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents)
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information
 as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares or cash upon settlement of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 from rendering services
 directly or indirectly
 as director
 officer
 employee
 agent
 consultant
 or otherwise
 to any Conflicting Organization
 except a Conflicting Organization whose business is diversified and that
 as to that part of its business to which the Grantee renders services
 is not a Conflicting Organization
 provided that the Company shall receive separate written assurances satisfactory to the Company from the Grantee and the Conflicting Organization that the Grantee shall not render services during such period with respect to a Conflicting Product. If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee shall render services to any Conflicting Organization other than as expressly permitted herein
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon settlement of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) shall not have been earned and the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents)
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
To the extent not prohibited by law
 any cancellation of the Performance Units (and any corresponding Dividend Equivalents) pursuant to any of Sections 2 through 5 above shall not restrict
 abridge
 or otherwise limit in any fashion the types and scope of injunctive and other available relief to the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 nothing under this Agreement shall limit
 abridge
 modify
 or otherwise restrict the Company (or any Affiliated Company) from pursuing any or all legal
 equitable
 or other appropriate remedies to which the Company may be entitled under any other agreement with the Grantee
 any other plan
 program
 policy
 or arrangement of the Company (or any Affiliated Company) under which the Grantee is covered or participates
 or any applicable law
Notwithstanding any language in this Agreement to the contrary
 nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Grantee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or governmental entity
 or making other disclosures that are protected under federal law or regulation; 
 that
 in each case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing
state and federal law for disclosing trade secrets if the disclosure was made to report or investigate an alleged violation of law
If any provisions of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason
 that provision shall be modified rather than voided
 if possible
 in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. If any provision in this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any non-material reason
 and cannot be modified to make it enforceable
 the remaining provisions shall be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable provision had not been included. In any event
 all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the fullest extent possible.














		


WHEREAS
&#8221;) is an employee of The J. M. Smucker Company
&#8221;)
WHEREAS
&#8221;) of the Board
&#8221;)
NOW
 THEREFORE
&#8221;)
 effective as of the Date of Grant
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the following additional terms
 conditions
&#8221; means the occurrence of either of the following: (i) the Grantee becoming unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (ii) the Grantee is
 by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months
&#8221; means the Grantee has attained
 or would attain prior to the applicable vesting date
.  The Restricted Stock may not be sold
 exchanged
 assigned
 transferred
 pledged
 encumbered
 or otherwise disposed of by the Grantee
 except to the Company
 unless the Restricted Stock has become nonforfeitable as provided in Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3 hereof; provided
 however
 that the Grantee&#8217;s rights with respect to such Restricted Stock may be transferred by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution.  Any purported transfer or encumbrance in violation of the provisions of this Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;2 shall be void
 and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in such Restricted Stock.  The Committee in its sole discretion
 when and as permitted by the Plan
&#8221;)
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Restricted Stock covered by this Agreement shall vest and become nonforfeitable in three installments
 one-third of the Restricted Stock shall vest on each of the first anniversary and second anniversary of the Date of Grant (or
 if such date is not a business day
 then on the next succeeding business day) and the remainder shall vest on the third anniversary of the Date of Grant (or
 if such date is not a business day
 then on the next succeeding business day)
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the provisions of Article II
 Section 3(a)
 with respect to any Grantee who is or becomes Retirement Eligible
 all of the Restricted Stock covered by this Agreement shall become nonforfeitable or transferable
 as applicable
 on the later of (i) the first anniversary of the Date of Grant or (ii) the date the Grantee becomes Retirement Eligible (or
 if any of the above such dates is not a business day
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the provisions of Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3(a)
 if the Grantee leaves the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary following two years after the Date of Grant under circumstances determined by the Committee to be for the convenience of the Company
 all of the Restricted Stock covered by this Agreement shall become nonforfeitable or transferable
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the provisions of Article II
 Section 3(a)
 if the following occur: (i) the death of the Grantee
 (ii) the Grantee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary for Disability
 or (iii) the occurrence of a Change in Control
 then all of the Restricted Stock covered by this Agreement shall become nonforfeitable or transferable
.  The Restricted Stock shall be forfeited
 except as otherwise provided in Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3 above
 if the Grantee ceases to be in Continuous Service prior to the third anniversary of the Date of Grant or in the event the Committee determines the Grantee has engaged in Detrimental Activity as such term is defined in the Plan.  In the event of a forfeiture
Dividend
.  Except as otherwise provided herein
 from and after the Date of Grant
 the Grantee shall have all of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by this Agreement
 including the right to vote such Restricted Stock; provided
 however
 that the Grantee shall have no right to any dividends (whether in the form of cash
 Common Shares
.  The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal
 state
 and foreign securities laws; provided
 however
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
.  To the extent that the Company or any Subsidiary is required to withhold federal
 state
 local
 or foreign taxes in connection with the Restricted Stock or any delivery of Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement
 and the amounts available to the Company or such Subsidiary for such withholding are insufficient
 it shall be a condition to the receipt of the Restricted Stock or such delivery that the Grantee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of such taxes required to be withheld.  The Grantee hereby elects to satisfy this withholding obligation by having withheld
 from the Common Shares otherwise deliverable to the Grantee
 Common Shares having a value equal to the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld (except where the Grantee has made an election under Section&#160;83(b) of the Code with respect to the Common Shares subject to delivery).  The Common Shares so retained shall be credited against such withholding requirement at the Market Value per Share on the date of such retention.  The Company may
 at the request of the Grantee
 withhold Common Shares for payment of taxes in excess of the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld; provided
 however
.  For purposes of this Agreement
 the Continuous Service of the Grantee with the Company or a Subsidiary shall not be deemed to have been interrupted
 and the Grantee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or Subsidiary
.  Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit-sharing
 retirement
.  Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided
 however
 that no amendment shall impair the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee&#8217;s consent; further provided
 however
.  In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction
 any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof
.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan
 the Plan shall govern.  The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan
 as constituted from time to time
 shall
 except as expressly provided otherwise herein
.  The Grantee agrees that:  (a)&#160;the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company
 it is discretionary in nature
 and it may be modified
 amended
 suspended
 or terminated by the Company at any time; (b)&#160;the grant of the Restricted Stock is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock
 or benefits in substitution of restricted stock
&#8221;)
Policy as in effect on the Date of Grant; and (g)&#160;in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock
 no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall be created by any forfeiture or other termination of the Restricted Stock or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock
 and the Grantee releases the Company and its Subsidiaries from any such claim that may arise.  If any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been created
 then
 by signing this Agreement
.  By executing this Agreement
.  The Company may
 in its sole discretion
 deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock and the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan
 or future awards that may be granted under the Plan
 by electronic means or request the Grantee&#8217;s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  The Grantee consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and
 if requested
.  This Agreement is made under
 and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal substantive laws of
 the State of Ohio
. The acceptance of the Restricted Stock may have consequences under federal and state tax and securities laws that may vary depending upon the individual circumstances of the Grantee.  Accordingly
.  The Grantee explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection
 use
 and transfer
 in electronic or other form
 of the Grantee&#8217;s personal data as described in this Agreement by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing
 administering
 and managing the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan.  The Grantee understands that the Company and its Subsidiaries hold (but only process or transfer to the extent required or permitted by local law) the following personal information about the Grantee:  the Grantee&#8217;s name
 home address and telephone number
 date of birth
 social insurance number or other identification number
 salary
 nationality
 job title
 any Common Shares or directorships held in the Company
 details of all options or any other entitlement to Common Shares awarded
 canceled
 exercised
 vested
 unvested
 or outstanding in the Grantee&#8217;s favor
 for the purpose of implementing
 administering
&#8221;).  The Grantee understands that Data may be transferred to third parties assisting in the implementation
 administration
 and management of the Plan
]
 that these recipients may be located in the Grantee&#8217;s country or elsewhere
 and that the recipient&#8217;s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than those that apply in the Grantee&#8217;s country.  The Grantee understands that the Grantee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Grantee&#8217;s local human resources representative.  The Grantee authorizes these recipients to receive
 possess
 use
 retain
 and transfer the Data
 in electronic or other form
 for the purposes of implementing
 administering
 and managing the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan
 including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Grantee may elect to deposit any shares acquired upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock.  The Grantee understands that Data shall be held only as long as is necessary to implement
 administer
 and manage the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan and in accordance with local law.  The Grantee understands that the Grantee may
 at any time
 view Data
 request additional information about the storage and processing of Data
 require any necessary amendments to Data
 or refuse or withdraw the consents herein
 in any case without cost
 by contacting in writing the Grantee&#8217;s local human resources representative.  The Grantee understands
however
 that refusing or withdrawing the Grantee&#8217;s consent may affect the Grantee&#8217;s ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of the Grantee&#8217;s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent
. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors
. This Agreement
 the Plan
 and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof
The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of an executed original of this Agreement
 together with a copy of the prospectus for the Plan
 dated ________
 summarizing key provisions of the Plan
As a condition to the Grantee&#8217;s receipt of the Restricted Stock awarded to the Grantee under the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreement between the Grantee and The J. M. Smucker Company
&#8221;)
&#8221;)
&#8221; means any organization controlling
 controlled by
&#8221; means the Company&#8217;s technical or business or personnel information not readily available to the public or generally known in the trade
 including inventions
 developments
 trade secrets and other confidential information
 knowledge
 data and know-how of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 whether or not they originated with the Grantee
&#8221; means any product
 process
 machine
 or service of any person or organization
 other than the Company or any Affiliated Company
 in existence or under development (i) that resembles or competes with a product
 process
 machine
 or service upon or with which the Grantee shall have worked during the two years prior to the Grantee&#8217;s termination of service with the Company or any Affiliated Company or (ii) with respect to which during that period of time the Grantee
 as a result of his or her job performance and duties
 shall have acquired knowledge of Confidential Information
 and whose use or marketability could be enhanced by application to it of Confidential Information. For purposes of this section
&#8221; means any person or organization that is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development
 production
 marketing
&#8221; means (a) if the Grantee is or becomes Retirement Eligible
 the period beginning on the Date of Grant and continuing until the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant and (b) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
The Grantee agrees that at all times
 both during and after the term of the Grantee&#8217;s service with the Company or any Affiliated Company
 to hold in the strictest confidence
 and not to use (except for the benefit of the Company at the Company&#8217;s direction) or disclose (except for the benefit of the Company at the Company&#8217;s direction)
 regardless of when disclosed to the Grantee
 any and all Confidential Information of the Company or any Affiliated Company. The Grantee understands that for purposes of this Section 2
 Confidential Information further includes
 but is not limited to
not under confidentiality obligations to the Company. If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee discloses or uses
 or threatens to disclose or use
 any Confidential Information other than in the course of performing authorized services for the Company (or any Affiliated Company)
 the Restricted Stock
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
 and (x) if the Grantee is at such time Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares and (y) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Restricted Stock is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 for himself or herself or any third party
 directly or indirectly
 from using Confidential Information to (i) divert or attempt to divert from the Company (or any Affiliated Company) any business of any kind in which it is engaged
 or (ii) intentionally solicit its customers with which it has a contractual relationship as to Conflicting Products
 or to interfere with the contractual relationship with any of its suppliers or customers (collectively
&#8221;). If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee breaches his or her obligation not to Interfere
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Restricted Stock shall not have been earned and the Restricted Stock
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
 and (x) if the Grantee is at such time Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares and (y) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with any vesting of the Restricted Stock during the Look-back Period or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares during the Look-back Period. For avoidance of doubt
 the term &#8220;Interfere&#8221; shall not include any advertisement of Conflicting Products through the use of media intended to reach a broad public audience (such as television
 cable
 or radio broadcasts
 or newspapers or magazines) or the broad distribution of coupons through the use of direct mail or through independent retail outlets. THE GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS SECTION 3 IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK AND (X) IF THE GRANTEE IS AT SUCH TIME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
 A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE COMMON SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF ANY DISPOSITION OF THE COMMON SHARES AND (Y) IF THE GRANTEE HAS NOT BECOME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information
 as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Restricted Stock is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 for himself or herself or any third party
 directly or indirectly
 from soliciting for employment any person employed by the Company
 or by any Affiliated Company
 during the period of the solicited person&#8217;s employment and for a period of one year after the termination of the solicited person&#8217;s employment with the Company or any Affiliated Company (collectively
&#8221;). If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee breaches his or her obligation not to Solicit
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Restricted Stock shall not have been earned and the Restricted Stock
 whether vested or not
forfeited and canceled
 and (x) if the Grantee is at such time Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares and (y) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with any vesting of the Restricted Stock during the Look-back Period or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares during the Look-back Period. THE GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS SECTION 4 IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK AND (X) IF THE GRANTEE IS AT SUCH TIME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
 A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE COMMON SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF ANY DISPOSITION OF THE COMMON SHARES AND (Y) IF THE GRANTEE HAS NOT BECOME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information
 as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Restricted Stock is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 from rendering services
 directly or indirectly
 as director
 officer
 employee
 agent
 consultant
 or otherwise
 to any Conflicting Organization
 except a Conflicting Organization whose business is diversified and that
 as to that part of its business to which the Grantee renders services
 is not a Conflicting Organization
 provided that the Company shall receive separate written assurances satisfactory to the Company from the Grantee and the Conflicting Organization that the Grantee shall not render services during such period with respect to a Conflicting Product. If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee shall render services to any Conflicting Organization other than as expressly permitted herein
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Restricted Stock shall not have been earned and the Restricted Stock
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
 and (x) if the Grantee is at such time Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares and (y) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with any vesting of the Restricted Stock during the Look-back Period or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares during the Look-back Period. THE GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS SECTION 5 IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE GRANTEE FROM RENDERING SERVICES TO A CONFLICTING ORGANIZATION BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK AND (X) IF THE GRANTEE IS AT SUCH TIME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
 A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE COMMON SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF ANY DISPOSITION OF THE COMMON SHARES AND (Y) IF THE GRANTEE HAS NOT BECOME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
To the extent not prohibited by law
 any cancellation of the Restricted Stock pursuant to any of Sections 2 through 5 above shall not restrict
 abridge
 or otherwise limit in any fashion the types and scope of injunctive and other available relief to the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 nothing under this Agreement shall limit
 abridge
 modify
 or otherwise restrict the Company (or any Affiliated Company) from pursuing any or all legal
 equitable
 or other appropriate remedies to which the Company may be entitled under any other agreement with the Grantee
 any other plan
 program
 policy
Company) under which the Grantee is covered or participates
 or any applicable law
Notwithstanding any language in this Agreement to the contrary
 nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Grantee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or governmental entity
 or making other disclosures that are protected under federal law or regulation; 
 that
 in each case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 under no circumstance is the Grantee authorized to disclose any information covered by the Company&#8217;s attorney-client privilege or attorney work product or the Company&#8217;s trade secrets without prior written consent of the Company&#8217;s General Counsel. Any reporting or disclosure permitted under this Section 7 shall not result in the cancellation of the Restricted Stock. The Grantee is entitled to certain immunities from liability under state and federal law for disclosing trade secrets if the disclosure was made to report or investigate an alleged violation of law
If any provisions of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason
 that provision shall be modified rather than voided
 if possible
 in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. If any provision in this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any non-material reason
 and cannot be modified to make it enforceable
 the remaining provisions shall be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable provision had not been included. In any event
 all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the fullest extent possible. 














		


WHEREAS
&#8221;) is an employee of The J. M. Smucker Company
&#8221;)
WHEREAS
&#8221;) of the Board
&#8221;)
NOW
 THEREFORE
&#8221;)
 effective as of the Date of Grant
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the following additional terms
 conditions
&#8221; means the occurrence of either of the following: (i) the Grantee becoming unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (ii) the Grantee is
 by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months
&#8221; means the Grantee has attained
 or would attain prior to the applicable vesting date
.  The Deferred Stock Units covered by this Agreement are granted to the Grantee effective on the Date of Grant and are subject to and granted upon the terms
 conditions
 and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan. The Deferred Stock Units shall become vested in accordance with Article II
 Section 3 hereof. Each Deferred Stock Unit shall represent the right to receive one Common Share when the Deferred Stock Unit vests and shall at all times be equal in value to one hypothetical Common Share. The Deferred Stock Units shall be credited to the Grantee in an account established for the Grantee until payment in accordance with Article II
.  Neither the Deferred Stock Units granted hereby
 nor any interest therein or in the Common Shares related thereto
&#8221;)
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Deferred Stock Units covered by this Agreement shall vest in three installments
 one-third of the Deferred Stock Units shall vest on each of the first anniversary and second anniversary of the Date of Grant (or
 if such date is not a business day
 then on the next succeeding business day) and the remainder shall vest on the third anniversary of the Date of Grant (or
 if such date is not a business day
 then on the next succeeding business day)
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the provisions of Article II
 Section 3(a)
 with respect to any Grantee who is or becomes Retirement Eligible
 all of the Deferred Stock Units covered by this Agreement shall vest on the later of (i) the first anniversary of the Date of Grant or (ii) the date the Grantee becomes Retirement Eligible (or
 if any of the above such dates is not a business day
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the provisions of Article&#160;II
 Section&#160;3(a)
 if the Grantee leaves the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary following two years after the Date of Grant under circumstances determined by the Committee to be for the convenience of the Company
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the provisions of Article II
 Section 3(a)
 if the following occur: (i) the death of the Grantee
 (ii) the Grantee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary for Disability
 or (iii) the occurrence of a Change in Control
(a) &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Company shall issue to the Grantee the Common Shares underlying the vested Deferred Stock Units as soon as practicable
 but not later than 10 days
 after such shares have vested in accordance with Article II
(b) &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Except to the extent permitted by the Company and the Plan
Dividend
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Grantee shall have no rights of ownership in the Deferred Stock Units and shall have no right to dividends and no right to vote the Deferred Stock Units until the date on which the Deferred Stock Units are settled in Common Shares pursuant to Article II
(b) &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver Common Shares in the future
. The Deferred Stock Units shall be forfeited
 except as otherwise provided in Article II
 Section 3 above
 if the Grantee ceases to be in Continuous Service prior to the third anniversary of the Date of Grant or in the event the Committee determines the Grantee has engaged in Detrimental Activity
.  The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal
 state
 and foreign securities laws; provided
 however
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
.  To the extent that the Company or any Subsidiary is required to withhold federal
 state
 local
 or foreign taxes in connection with the Deferred Stock Units or any delivery of Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement
 and the amounts available to the Company or such Subsidiary for such withholding are insufficient
 it shall be a condition to the receipt of the Deferred Stock Units or such delivery that the Grantee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of such taxes required to be withheld.  The Grantee hereby elects to satisfy this withholding obligation by having withheld
 from the Common Shares otherwise deliverable to the Grantee
 Common Shares having a value equal to the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld.  The Common Shares so retained shall be credited against such withholding requirement at the Market Value per Share on the date of such retention.  The Company may
 at the request of the Grantee
 withhold Common Shares for payment of taxes in excess of the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld; provided
 however
.  For purposes of this Agreement
 the Continuous Service of the Grantee with the Company or a Subsidiary shall not be deemed to have been interrupted
 and the Grantee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or Subsidiary
.  Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit-sharing
 retirement
.  Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided
 however
 that no amendment shall impair the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee&#8217;s consent; further provided
 however
.  In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction
 any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof
.  This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan
 the Plan shall govern.  The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan
 as constituted from time to time
 shall
 except as expressly provided otherwise herein
.  The Grantee agrees that:  (a)&#160;the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company
 it is discretionary in nature
 and it may be modified
 amended
 suspended
 or terminated by the Company at any time; (b)&#160;the grant of the Deferred Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of deferred stock units
 or benefits in substitution of deferred stock units
&#8221;)
 he or she acknowledges and accepts the terms and conditions of the Policy as in effect on the Date of Grant; and (g)&#160;in consideration of the grant of the Deferred Stock Units
 no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall be created by any forfeiture or other termination of the Deferred Stock Units or diminution in value of the Deferred Stock Units
 and the Grantee releases the Company and its Subsidiaries from any such claim that may arise.  If any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been created
 then
 by signing this Agreement
.  By executing this Agreement
.  The Company may
 in its sole discretion
 deliver any documents related to the Deferred Stock Units and the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan
 or future awards that may be granted under the Plan
 by electronic means or request the Grantee&#8217;s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  The Grantee consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and
 if requested
.  This Agreement is made under
 and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal substantive laws of
 the State of Ohio
. The acceptance of the Deferred Stock Units may have consequences under federal and state tax and securities laws that may vary depending upon the individual circumstances of the Grantee.  Accordingly
.  The Grantee explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection
 use
 and transfer
 in electronic or other form
 of the Grantee&#8217;s personal data as described in this Agreement by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing
 administering
 and managing the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan.  The Grantee understands that the Company and its Subsidiaries hold (but only process or transfer to the extent required or permitted by local law) the following personal information about the Grantee:  the Grantee&#8217;s name
 home address and telephone number
 date of birth
 social insurance number or other identification number
 salary
 nationality
 job title
 any Common Shares or directorships held in the Company
 details of all options or any other entitlement to Common Shares awarded
 canceled
 exercised
 vested
 unvested
 or outstanding in the Grantee&#8217;s favor
 for the purpose of implementing
 administering
&#8221;).  The Grantee understands that Data may be transferred to third parties assisting in the implementation
 administration
 and management of the Plan
]
 that these recipients may be located in the Grantee&#8217;s country or elsewhere
of the Data by contacting the Grantee&#8217;s local human resources representative.  The Grantee authorizes these recipients to receive
 possess
 use
 retain
 and transfer the Data
 in electronic or other form
 for the purposes of implementing
 administering
 and managing the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan
 including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Grantee may elect to deposit any shares acquired upon the vesting of the Deferred Stock Units.  The Grantee understands that Data shall be held only as long as is necessary to implement
 administer
 and manage the Grantee&#8217;s participation in the Plan and in accordance with local law.  The Grantee understands that the Grantee may
 at any time
 view Data
 request additional information about the storage and processing of Data
 require any necessary amendments to Data
 or refuse or withdraw the consents herein
 in any case without cost
 by contacting in writing the Grantee&#8217;s local human resources representative.  The Grantee understands
 however
 that refusing or withdrawing the Grantee&#8217;s consent may affect the Grantee&#8217;s ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of the Grantee&#8217;s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent
. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors
. This Agreement
 the Plan
 and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof
The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of an executed original of this Agreement
 together with a copy of the prospectus for the Plan
 dated ________
 summarizing key provisions of the Plan
As a condition to the Grantee&#8217;s receipt of the Deferred Stock Units awarded to the Grantee under the terms of the Deferred Stock Units Agreement between the Grantee and The J. M. Smucker Company
&#8221;)
&#8221;)
&#8221; means any organization controlling
 controlled by
&#8221; means the Company&#8217;s technical or business or personnel information not readily available to the public or generally known in the trade
 including inventions
 developments
 trade secrets and other confidential information
 knowledge
 data and know-how of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 whether or not they originated with the Grantee
&#8221; means any product
 process
 machine
 or service of any person or organization
 other than the Company or any Affiliated Company
 in existence or under development (i) that resembles or competes with a product
 process
 machine
 or service upon or with which the Grantee shall have worked during the two years prior to the Grantee&#8217;s termination of service with the Company or any Affiliated Company or (ii) with respect to which during that period of time the Grantee
 as a result of his or her job performance and duties
 shall have acquired knowledge of Confidential Information
 and whose use or marketability could be enhanced by application to it of Confidential Information. For purposes of this section
&#8221; means any person or organization that is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development
 production
 marketing
&#8221; means (a) if the Grantee is or becomes Retirement Eligible
 the period beginning on the Date of Grant and continuing until the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant and (b) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
The Grantee agrees that at all times
 both during and after the term of the Grantee&#8217;s service with the Company or any Affiliated Company
 to hold in the strictest confidence
 and not to use (except for the benefit of the Company at the Company&#8217;s direction) or disclose (except for the benefit of the Company at the Company&#8217;s direction)
 regardless of when disclosed to the Grantee
 any and all Confidential Information of the Company or any Affiliated Company. The Grantee understands that for purposes of this Section 2
 Confidential Information further includes
 but is not limited to
not under confidentiality obligations to the Company. If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee discloses or uses
 or threatens to disclose or use
 any Confidential Information other than in the course of performing authorized services for the Company (or any Affiliated Company)
 the Deferred Stock Units
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
 and (x) if the Grantee is at such time Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with the vesting of the Deferred Stock Units or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares and (y) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Deferred Stock Units is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 for himself or herself or any third party
 directly or indirectly
 from using Confidential Information to (i) divert or attempt to divert from the Company (or any Affiliated Company) any business of any kind in which it is engaged
 or (ii) intentionally solicit its customers with which it has a contractual relationship as to Conflicting Products
 or to interfere with the contractual relationship with any of its suppliers or customers (collectively
&#8221;). If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee breaches his or her obligation not to Interfere
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Deferred Stock Units shall not have been earned and the Deferred Stock Units
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
 and (x) if the Grantee is at such time Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with the vesting of the Deferred Stock Units or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares and (y) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with any vesting of the Deferred Stock Units during the Look-back Period or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares during the Look-back Period. For avoidance of doubt
 the term &#8220;Interfere&#8221; shall not include any advertisement of Conflicting Products through the use of media intended to reach a broad public audience (such as television
 cable
 or radio broadcasts
 or newspapers or magazines) or the broad distribution of coupons through the use of direct mail or through independent retail outlets. THE GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS SECTION 3 IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE DEFERRED STOCK UNITS AND (X) IF THE GRANTEE IS AT SUCH TIME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
 A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE COMMON SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF ANY DISPOSITION OF THE COMMON SHARES AND (Y) IF THE GRANTEE HAS NOT BECOME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information
 as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Deferred Stock Units is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 for himself or herself or any third party
 directly or indirectly
 from soliciting for employment any person employed by the Company
 or by any Affiliated Company
 during the period of the solicited person&#8217;s employment and for a period of one year after the termination of the solicited person&#8217;s employment with the Company or any Affiliated Company (collectively
&#8221;). If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee breaches his or her obligation not to Solicit
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Deferred Stock Units shall not have been earned and the Deferred Stock Units
vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
 and (x) if the Grantee is at such time Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with the vesting of the Deferred Stock Units or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares and (y) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with any vesting of the Deferred Stock Units during the Look-back Period or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares during the Look-back Period. THE GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS SECTION 4 IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE DEFERRED STOCK UNITS AND (X) IF THE GRANTEE IS AT SUCH TIME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
 A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE COMMON SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF ANY DISPOSITION OF THE COMMON SHARES AND (Y) IF THE GRANTEE HAS NOT BECOME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information
 as well as to deter the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Grantee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Grantee agrees that the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Deferred Stock Units is contingent upon the Grantee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 from rendering services
 directly or indirectly
 as director
 officer
 employee
 agent
 consultant
 or otherwise
 to any Conflicting Organization
 except a Conflicting Organization whose business is diversified and that
 as to that part of its business to which the Grantee renders services
 is not a Conflicting Organization
 provided that the Company shall receive separate written assurances satisfactory to the Company from the Grantee and the Conflicting Organization that the Grantee shall not render services during such period with respect to a Conflicting Product. If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Grantee shall render services to any Conflicting Organization other than as expressly permitted herein
 the Grantee&#8217;s right to the Common Shares upon vesting of the Deferred Stock Units shall not have been earned and the Deferred Stock Units
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and canceled
 and (x) if the Grantee is at such time Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with the vesting of the Deferred Stock Units or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares and (y) if the Grantee has not become Retirement Eligible
 the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with any vesting of the Deferred Stock Units during the Look-back Period or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares during the Look-back Period. THE GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS SECTION 5 IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE GRANTEE FROM RENDERING SERVICES TO A CONFLICTING ORGANIZATION BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE DEFERRED STOCK UNITS AND (X) IF THE GRANTEE IS AT SUCH TIME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
 A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE COMMON SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF ANY DISPOSITION OF THE COMMON SHARES AND (Y) IF THE GRANTEE HAS NOT BECOME RETIREMENT ELIGIBLE
To the extent not prohibited by law
 any cancellation of the Deferred Stock Units pursuant to any of Sections 2 through 5 above shall not restrict
 abridge
 or otherwise limit in any fashion the types and scope of injunctive and other available relief to the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 nothing under this Agreement shall limit
 abridge
 modify
 or otherwise restrict the Company (or any Affiliated Company) from pursuing any or all legal
 equitable
other agreement with the Grantee
 any other plan
 program
 policy
 or arrangement of the Company (or any Affiliated Company) under which the Grantee is covered or participates
 or any applicable law
Notwithstanding any language in this Agreement to the contrary
 nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Grantee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or governmental entity
 or making other disclosures that are protected under federal law or regulation; 
 that
 in each case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 under no circumstance is the Grantee authorized to disclose any information covered by the Company&#8217;s attorney-client privilege or attorney work product or the Company&#8217;s trade secrets without prior written consent of the Company&#8217;s General Counsel. Any reporting or disclosure permitted under this Section 7 shall not result in the cancellation of the Deferred Stock Units. The Grantee is entitled to certain immunities from liability under state and federal law for disclosing trade secrets if the disclosure was made to report or investigate an alleged violation of law
If any provisions of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason
 that provision shall be modified rather than voided
 if possible
 in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. If any provision in this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any non-material reason
 and cannot be modified to make it enforceable
 the remaining provisions shall be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable provision had not been included. In any event
 all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the fullest extent possible. 














		


&#8221;)
 dated _____
&#8221;)
 is between The J. M. Smucker Company
&#8221;)
. The Company hereby grants to the Optionee
 as of the Date of Grant
&#8221;) to purchase ______ Common Shares
&#8221;)
 this Option shall vest and become exercisable in three installments
 one-third of this Option shall vest on each of the first anniversary and second anniversary of the Date of Grant (or
 if such date is not a business day
 then on the next succeeding business day) and the remainder shall vest on the third anniversary of the Date of Grant (or
 if such date is not a business day
 then on the next succeeding business day)
. If the Optionee&#8217;s Continuous Service terminates for any reason
 this Option
 to the extent not then vested
 shall immediately terminate without consideration.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if (i) the Optionee leaves the service of the Company or a Subsidiary following two years after the Date of Grant under circumstances determined by the Committee to be for the convenience of the Company
 (ii) the Optionee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated as a result of the Optionee&#8217;s retirement when the Optionee is age 60 or older with at least ten years of service with the Company or its Subsidiaries and following the first anniversary of the Date of Grant
 (iii) the Optionee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary for Disability
 (iv) the Optionee dies
 or (v) a Change in Control occurs
 then the Optionee shall be deemed to have vested in all of the Common Shares subject to this Option. For purposes of this Agreement
&#8221; means the occurrence of either of the following: (i) the Optionee becoming unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (ii) the Optionee is
 by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months
the Optionee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated by the Company for any reason other than a Termination for Cause
 death
 or Disability
&#32;day following such termination (at which time this Option shall be canceled)
the Optionee&#8217;s Continuous Service is voluntarily terminated by the Optionee (except as provided in Section 2(d) below)
&#32;day following such termination (at which time this Option shall be canceled)
the Optionee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated by the Company due to the Optionee&#8217;s death or Disability
 then the Optionee (or his or her beneficiary
 in the case of death) may exercise the vested portion of this Option in full until one year following such termination (at which time this Option shall be canceled)
the Optionee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated by the Company as a result of a Termination for Cause (or by the Optionee at a time when the Company could terminate the Optionee under a Termination for Cause)
the Optionee&#8217;s Continuous Service is terminated as a result of the Optionee&#8217;s retirement when the Optionee is age 60 or older with at least ten years of Service with the Company or its Subsidiaries
 then the Optionee may exercise the vested portion of this Option in full until the earlier of (x) the fifth year following such retirement and (y) the Option Expiration Date.  For purposes of this Agreement
. Subject to Sections 1 and 2 of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan
 this Option may be exercised
 in whole or in part
 in cash or in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board in accordance with the terms of the Plan. On the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant (or
 if such date is not a business day
 then on the preceding business day)
 all unexercised Options shall be deemed to exercise on a so-called &#8220;net exercise basis&#8221; (for purposes of both the Exercise Price and any applicable tax withholding)
. The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal
 state
 and foreign securities laws; provided
 however
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
. To the extent that the Company or any Subsidiary is required to withhold federal
 state
 local
 or foreign taxes in connection with any delivery of the Common Shares purchased upon exercise of this Option
 such Common Shares shall be reduced by the amount equal to the applicable federal
 state
 local
&#8221;) in connection with such exercise.  Subject to the limitations of applicable law
 the Company shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold
 or require the Optionee to remit to the Company
. For purposes of this Agreement
 the Continuous Service of the Optionee with the Company or a Subsidiary shall not be deemed to have been interrupted
 and the Optionee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or Subsidiary
. Any economic or other benefit to the Optionee under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Optionee may be entitled under any profit-sharing
 retirement
. Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided
 however
 that no amendment shall impair the rights of the Optionee under this Agreement without the Optionee&#8217;s consent; further provided
 however
. In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction
 any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof
. This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan
 the Plan shall govern.  The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan
 as constituted from time to time
 shall
 except as expressly provided otherwise herein
. The Optionee agrees that:  (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company
 it is discretionary in nature
 and it may be modified
 amended
 suspended
 or terminated by the Company at any time; (b) the grant of this Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options
 or benefits in substitution of options
 even if options have been granted repeatedly in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future option grants shall be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d) participation in the Plan is voluntary; (e) this Option is not a part of normal or expected pay package for any purposes; (f) if the Optionee is a Covered Employee within the meaning of the Company&#8217;s Clawback of Incentive Compensation Policy (the &#8220;Policy&#8221;)
 he or she acknowledges and accepts the terms and conditions of the Policy as in effect on the Date of Grant; and (g) in consideration of the grant of this Option
 no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall be created by any forfeiture or other termination of this Option or diminution in value of this Option
 and the Optionee releases the Company and its Subsidiaries from any such claim that may arise.  If any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been created
 then
 by signing this Agreement
. By executing this Agreement
. The Company may
 in its sole discretion
 deliver any documents related to this Option and the Optionee&#8217;s participation in the Plan
 or future awards that may be granted under the Plan
 by electronic means or request the Optionee&#8217;s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  The Optionee consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and
 if requested
. This Agreement is made under
 and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal substantive laws of
 the State of Ohio
. The acceptance and exercise of this Option may have consequences under federal and state tax and securities laws that may vary depending upon the individual circumstances of the Optionee.  Accordingly
.  The Optionee explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection
 use
 and transfer
 in electronic or other form
 of the Optionee&#8217;s personal data as described in this Agreement by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing
 administering
 and managing the Optionee&#8217;s participation in the Plan.  The Optionee understands that the Company and its Subsidiaries hold (but only process or transfer to the extent required or permitted by local law) the following personal information about the Optionee:  the Optionee&#8217;s name
 home address and telephone number
 date of birth
 social insurance number or other identification number
 salary
 nationality
 job title
 any Common Shares or directorships held in the Company
 details of all options or any other entitlement to Common Shares awarded
 canceled
 exercised
 vested
 unvested
 or outstanding in the Optionee&#8217;s favor
 for the purpose of implementing
 administering
&#8221;).  The Optionee understands that Data may be transferred to third parties assisting in the implementation
 administration
 and management of the Plan
]
 that these recipients may be located in the Optionee&#8217;s country or elsewhere
 and that the recipient&#8217;s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than those that apply in the Optionee&#8217;s country.  The Optionee understands that the Optionee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Optionee&#8217;s local human resources representative.  The Optionee authorizes these recipients to receive
 possess
 use
 retain
 and transfer the Data
 in electronic or other form
 for the purposes of implementing
 administering
 and managing the Optionee&#8217;s participation in the Plan
 including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Optionee may elect to deposit any shares acquired upon the exercise of this Option.  The Optionee understands that Data shall be held only as long as is necessary to implement
 administer
 and manage the Optionee&#8217;s participation in the Plan and in accordance with local law.  The Optionee understands that the Optionee may
 at any time
 view Data
 request additional information about the storage and processing of Data
 require any necessary amendments to Data
 or refuse or withdraw the consents herein
 in any case without cost
 by contacting in writing the Optionee&#8217;s local human resources representative.  The Optionee understands
 however
ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of the Optionee&#8217;s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent
. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors
. This Agreement
 the Plan
 and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof
The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of an executed original of this Agreement
 together with a copy of the prospectus for the Plan
 dated ________
 summarizing key provisions of the Plan
As a condition to the Optionee&#8217;s receipt of this Option awarded to Optionee under the terms of the Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and The J. M. Smucker Company
&#8221;)
&#8221;)
&#8221; means any organization controlling
 controlled by
&#8221; means the Company&#8217;s technical or business or personnel information not readily available to the public or generally known in the trade
 including inventions
 developments
 trade secrets and other confidential information
 knowledge
 data and know-how of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 whether or not they originated with the Optionee
&#8221; means any product
 process
 machine
 or service of any person or organization
 other than the Company or any Affiliated Company
 in existence or under development (i) that resembles or competes with a product
 process
 machine
 or service upon or with which the Optionee shall have worked during the two years prior to the Optionee&#8217;s termination of service with the Company or any Affiliated Company or (ii) with respect to which during that period of time the Optionee
 as a result of his or her job performance and duties
 shall have acquired knowledge of Confidential Information
 and whose use or marketability could be enhanced by application to it of Confidential Information. For purposes of this section
&#8221; means any person or organization that is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development
 production
 marketing
The Optionee agrees that at all times
 both during and after the term of the Optionee&#8217;s service with the Company or any Affiliated Company
 to hold in the strictest confidence
 and not to use (except for the benefit of the Company at the Company&#8217;s direction) or disclose (except for the benefit of the Company at the Company&#8217;s direction)
 regardless of when disclosed to the Optionee
 any and all Confidential Information of the Company or any Affiliated Company. The Optionee understands that for purposes of this Section 2
 Confidential Information further includes
 but is not limited to
 information pertaining to any aspect of the business of the Company or any Affiliated Company which is either information not known (or known as a result of a wrongful act of the Optionee or of others who were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved) by actual or potential competitors of the Company or other third parties not under confidentiality obligations to the Company. If
 prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period
 the Optionee discloses or uses
 or threatens to disclose or use
 any Confidential Information other than in the course of performing authorized services for the Company (or any Affiliated Company)
 this Option
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information as well as to deter the Optionee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company and to promote fair competition
 the Optionee agrees that the Optionee&#8217;s rights with respect to this Option is contingent upon the Optionee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 for himself or herself or any third party
 directly or indirectly
 from using Confidential Information to (i) divert or attempt to divert from the Company (or any Affiliated Company) any business of any kind in which it is engaged
 or (ii) intentionally solicit its customers with which it has a contractual relationship as to Conflicting Products
 or to interfere with the contractual relationship with any of its suppliers or customers (collectively
&#8221;). If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Optionee breaches his or her obligation not to Interfere
 this Option
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled
 and the Optionee shall immediately return to the Company the Common Shares received in connection with any exercise of this Option during the Look-back Period or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of the Common Shares during the Look-back Period. For avoidance of doubt
 the term &#8220;Interfere&#8221; shall not include any advertisement of Conflicting Products through the use of media intended to reach a broad public audience (such as television
 cable
 or radio broadcasts
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information
 as well as to deter the Optionee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Optionee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Optionee agrees that the Optionee&#8217;s rights with respect to this Option is contingent upon the Optionee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 for himself or herself or any third party
 directly or indirectly
 from soliciting for employment any person employed by the Company
 or by any Affiliated Company
 during the period of the solicited person&#8217;s employment and for a period of one year after the termination of the solicited person&#8217;s employment with the Company or any Affiliated Company (collectively
&#8221;). If
 during the Restricted Period
 the Optionee breaches his or her obligation not to Solicit
 this Option
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled
In order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information
 as well as to deter the Optionee&#8217;s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 the Optionee&#8217;s intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company
 and to promote fair competition
 the Optionee agrees that the Optionee&#8217;s rights with respect to this Option is contingent upon the Optionee refraining
 during the Restricted Period
 from rendering services
 directly or indirectly
 as director
 officer
 employee
 agent
 consultant
 or otherwise
 to any Conflicting Organization
 except a Conflicting Organization whose business is diversified and that
 as to that part of its business to which the Optionee renders services
 is not a Conflicting Organization
&#32;that the Company shall receive separate written assurances satisfactory to the Company from the Optionee and the Conflicting Organization that the Optionee shall not render services during such period with respect to a Conflicting Product. If
 prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period
 the Optionee shall render services to any Conflicting Organization other than as expressly permitted herein
 this Option
 whether vested or not
 shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled
To the extent not prohibited by law
 any cancellation of this Option pursuant to any of Sections 2 through 5 above shall not restrict
 abridge
 or otherwise limit in any fashion the types and scope of injunctive and other available relief to the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 nothing under this Agreement shall limit
 abridge
 modify
 or otherwise restrict the Company (or any Affiliated Company) from pursuing any or all legal
 equitable
 or other appropriate remedies to which the Company may be entitled under any other agreement with the Optionee
 any other plan
 program
 policy
 or arrangement of the Company (or any Affiliated Company) under which the Optionee is covered or participates
 or any applicable law
Notwithstanding any language in this Agreement to the contrary
 nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Optionee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or governmental entity
 or making other disclosures that are protected under federal law or regulation; 
 that
 in each case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 under no circumstance is the Optionee authorized to disclose any information covered by the Company&#8217;s attorney-client privilege or attorney work product or the Company&#8217;s trade secrets without prior written consent of the Company&#8217;s General Counsel. Any reporting or disclosure permitted under this Section 7 shall not result in the cancellation of Options. The Optionee is entitled to certain immunities from liability under state and federal law for disclosing trade secrets if the disclosure was made to report or investigate an alleged violation of law
If any provisions of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason
 that provision shall be modified rather than voided
 if possible
 in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. If any provision in this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any non-material reason
 and cannot be modified to make it enforceable
 the remaining provisions shall be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable provision had not been included. In any event
 all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the fullest extent possible. 














		


(As of April 30
Ainsworth Pet Nutrition
Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Holdings
Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Parent
Big Heart Pet Brands
Big Heart Pet
CAF&#201; Holding
CP APN
Folgers Caf&#233; Servicos de Pesquisas
J.M. Smucker Holdings
JMS Foodservice
Knudsen &amp; Sons
Milo&#8217;s Kitchen
Natural Balance Organic Formulas
Natural Balance Pet Foods
Nature&#8217;s Recipe
Rowland Coffee Roasters
Sahale Snacks
Simply Smucker&#8217;s
Smucker Coffee Silo Operations
Smucker Direct
Smucker Foods
Smucker Foodservice
Smucker Foodservice Operations
Smucker Holdings
Smucker International
Smucker Manufacturing
Smucker Mexico
Smucker Natural Foods
Smucker Retail Foods
The Dickinson Family
truRoots
TTT APN
1   Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;unnamed subsidiaries
 considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary
 would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of April 30
 2019.














		


We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of The J. M. Smucker Company of our reports dated June 17
 2019
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The J. M. Smucker Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of The J. M. Smucker Company
We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of our reports dated June 17
 2019
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The J. M. Smucker Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of The J. M. Smucker Company incorporated by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of The J. M. Smucker Company for the year ended April 30
Akron
June 17
 2019














		


KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that KATHRYN W. DINDO
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that PAUL J. DOLAN
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that JAY L. HENDERSON
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that ELIZABETH VALK LONG
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that GARY A. OATEY
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that KIRK L. PERRY
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that SANDRA PIANALTO
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that NANCY LOPEZ RUSSELL
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that ALEX SHUMATE
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that MARK T. SMUCKER
 President and Chief Executive Officer and director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark R. Belgya and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that RICHARD K. SMUCKER
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that TIMOTHY P. SMUCKER
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that DAWN C. WILLOUGHBY
 director of The J. M. Smucker Company
 hereby appoints Mark T. Smucker
 Mark R. Belgya
 and Jeannette L. Knudsen
 and each of them
 with full power of substitution
 as attorney or attorneys of the undersigned
April&#160;30
 2019
 in a form that The J. M. Smucker Company deems appropriate and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 all pursuant to applicable legal provisions
 with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned director might or could do in person
June&#160;17
 2019














		


I
 Mark T. Smucker
 President and Chief Executive Officer of The J. M. Smucker Company
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
Any fraud
 whether or not material
June&#160;17
 2019














		


I
 Mark R. Belgya
 Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer of The J. M. Smucker Company
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
Any fraud
 whether or not material
June&#160;17
 2019














		


CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
April&#160;30
 2019
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
June&#160;17
 2019


















			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			


			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			



		


		


		


		


		




				


				




		


		


		


		


		


		


		

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	



 agricultural-based products
 and packaging materials. The principal packaging materials we use are plastic
 glass
 metal cans
 caps
 carton board
 and corrugate. Green coffee
 peanuts
 animal protein meals
 oils and fats
 sweeteners
 grains
 fruit
 and other ingredients are obtained from various suppliers. The availability
 quality
 and cost of many of these commodities have fluctuated
 and may continue to fluctuate over time. Green coffee is sourced solely from foreign countries
 and its supply and price are subject to high volatility due to factors such as weather
 global supply and demand
 plant disease
 investor speculation
 and political and economic conditions in the source countries. Raw materials are generally available from numerous sources
 although we have elected to source certain plastic packaging materials and finished goods
 such as K-Cup&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#174;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pods and our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Pup-Peroni &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;dog snacks
 from single sources of supply pursuant to long-term contracts. While availability may vary from year to year
 we believe that we will continue to be able to obtain adequate supplies and that alternatives to single-sourced materials are available. We have not historically encountered significant shortages of key raw materials. We consider our relationships with key raw material suppliers to be in good standing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have consolidated our production capacity for certain products
 including substantially all of our coffee
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Milk-Bone &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;dog snacks
 fruit spreads
 toppings
 and syrups
 into single manufacturing sites. Although steps are taken at all of our manufacturing sites to reduce the likelihood of a production disruption
 an interruption at a single manufacturing site would result in a reduction or elimination of the availability of some of our products for a period of time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Of our total employees
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are covered by union contracts at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;nine&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; manufacturing locations. The contracts vary in term
 with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; contracts expiring in 2020
 representing &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our total employees. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We insure our business and assets in each country against insurable risks
 to the extent that we deem appropriate



	





 deferred stock units
 and performance units.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:56%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Restricted&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;and Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Grant Date&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Performance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Conversion &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Date&amp;#160;Fair Value&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at May 1
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;542
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;194
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Converted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(84
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(158
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;107.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(78
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at April 30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;583
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Restricted&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;and Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Grant Date&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Performance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Conversion &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Date Fair Value&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;194
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;136
127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;180
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$194.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$169.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2017
 unaudited pro forma consolidated results for 2019 and 2018
 would have been as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
865.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
036.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;522.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 2018
 we acquired the stock of Ainsworth in an all-cash transaction
 valued at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.9 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 inclusive of a working capital adjustment. The transaction was funded with a bank term loan and borrowings under our commercial paper program of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$400.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. For additional information on the financing associated with this transaction
 refer to Note 8: Debt and Financing Arrangements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Ainsworth is a leading producer
 distributor
 and marketer of premium pet food and pet snacks
 predominantly within the U.S. The majority of Ainsworth&amp;#8217;s sales are generated by the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Rachael Ray Nutrish &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;brand
 which is driving significant growth in the premium pet food category. Ainsworth also sells pet food and pet snacks under several additional branded and private label trademarks. Prior to acquisition
 Ainsworth was a privately-held company headquartered in Meadville
 Pennsylvania. In addition to its headquarters
 the transaction included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; manufacturing facilities owned by Ainsworth
 which are located in Meadville
 Pennsylvania
 and Frontenac
 Kansas
 and a leased distribution facility in Greenville
 Pennsylvania. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting
 and accordingly
 the results of Ainsworth&amp;#8217;s operations
 including &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$747.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in net sales and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in operating income
 are included in our consolidated financial statements  in 2019. The operating income was reduced by the recognition of an unfavorable fair value purchase accounting adjustment of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 attributable to the acquired inventory. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The final purchase price was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. We determined the estimated fair values based on independent appraisals
 discounted cash flow analyses
 quoted market prices
 and other estimates made by management. The purchase price exceeded the estimated fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired
 and the excess was recognized as goodwill.  Changes to the preliminary fair values during 2019 resulted in a net adjustment to goodwill of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$64.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which was primarily attributable to the finalization of the acquisition date fair value of the identifiable intangibles and the related impact on deferred taxes. The impact of this adjustment to previous period earnings and the consolidated financial statements is immaterial. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the final fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:86%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;617.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
260.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
133.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities assumed: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total liabilities assumed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;228.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
904.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a result of the acquisition
 we recognized goodwill of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$617.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. Goodwill represents the value we expect to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and growth opportunities as we integrate Ainsworth into our U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. Of the total goodwill
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$446.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was deductible for income tax purposes at the acquisition date
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$416.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; remains deductible at April 30
 2019. The goodwill and indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 inclusive of the recently acquired Ainsworth business
 remain susceptible to future impairment charges
 as the carrying values approximate estimated fair values. Any significant adverse change in our near or long-term projections or macroeconomic conditions would result in future impairment charges. For more information
 see Note 7: Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The purchase price was allocated to the identifiable other intangible assets acquired as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:86%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets with finite lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer and contractual relationships (25-year useful life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;951.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks (5-year useful life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets with indefinite lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;308.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
260.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Ainsworth&amp;#8217;s results of operations are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the transaction within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. Had the transaction occurred on May 1
 2017
 unaudited pro forma consolidated results for 2019 and 2018
 would have been as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
865.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
036.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;522.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
234.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The unaudited pro forma consolidated results are based on our historical financial statements and those of Ainsworth
 and do not necessarily indicate the results of operations that would have resulted had the acquisition been completed at the beginning of the applicable period presented. The most significant pro forma adjustments relate to the elimination of nonrecurring acquisition-related costs incurred prior to the close of the transaction
 amortization of acquired intangible assets
 depreciation of acquired property
 plant
 and equipment




 including the reclassification adjustments for items that are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income
 are shown below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=20 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:35%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Currency&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Translation&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net Gains (Losses)&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&amp;#160;on Cash&amp;#160;Flow&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Hedging&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Derivatives &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension&lt;br clear=none/&gt;and Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Postretirement&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;&amp;#160;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Unrealized&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Gain (Loss) on&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Available-for-Sale&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Other&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Comprehensive&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Income (Loss)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at May&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(134.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(148.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassification adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current period credit (charge)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax benefit (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(43.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(143.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassification adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current period credit (charge)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax benefit (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassification of stranded tax effects &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(101.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(116.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassification adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current period credit (charge)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(86.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax benefit (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(35.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(110.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(181.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;The reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense was related to terminated interest rate contracts. The current period charge in 2019 relates to the unrealized losses on the interest rate contracts entered into in November 2018 and June 2018. The prior year credit relates to the gain on the interest rate contract terminated in 2018. For additional information

 we adopted ASU 2018-02
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Income Statement &amp;#8211; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income


 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 and its majority-owned investments


 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Principal&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying Amount &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Principal&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amount &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(A)&amp;#160;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.20% Senior Notes due December 6
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;299.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;298.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.50% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;499.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;497.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.50% Senior Notes due October&amp;#160;15
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;750.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;768.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;750.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;775.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.00% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;398.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;397.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.50% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;995.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;994.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.38% Senior Notes due December 15
 2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;496.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;495.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.25% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;650.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;643.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;650.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;643.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.38% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;600.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;586.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;600.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;585.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term Loan Credit Agreement due May 14
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;800.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;799.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
484.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
700.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
688.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;800.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;798.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt
 less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
700.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
686.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
700.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
688.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Represents the carrying amount included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 which includes the impact of capitalized debt issuance costs
 terminated interest rate contracts
 and offering discounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We entered into interest rate contracts in November 2018 and June 2018
 with notional values of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$300.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility associated with anticipated debt financing in 2020. These interest rate contracts are designated as cash flow hedges
 and as a result
 the mark-to-market gains or losses on these contracts are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. At April 30
 2019
 unrealized losses of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for these derivative instruments. For additional information
 see Note 10: Derivative Financial Instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In April 2018
 we entered into a Term Loan with a syndicate of banks and an available commitment amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The full amount of the Term Loan was drawn on May 14
 2018
 to partially finance the Ainsworth acquisition
 as discussed in Note 2: Acquisition. Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest on the prevailing U.S. Prime Rate or LIBOR
 based on our election
 and is payable either on a quarterly basis or at the end of the borrowing term. The Term Loan does not require scheduled amortization payments. Voluntary prepayments are permitted without premium or penalty. As of April 30
 2019
 we have prepaid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$700.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the Term Loan to date. The interest rate on the Term Loan at April 30
 2019
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.62 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We have incurred total capitalized debt issuance costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was incurred upon drawing on the Term Loan in 2019
 and is being amortized to interest expense over the time period for which the debt is outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All of our Senior Notes outstanding at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 are unsecured
 and interest is paid semiannually
 with no required scheduled principal payments until maturity. We may prepay all or part of the Senior Notes at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of the principal amount thereof
 together with the accrued and unpaid interest
 and any applicable make-whole amount. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have available a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.8 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; banks that matures in September 2022. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest on the prevailing U.S. Prime Rate
 LIBOR
 or Canadian Dealer Offered Rate
 based on our election. Interest is payable either on a quarterly basis or at the end of the borrowing term. We did &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;t have a balance outstanding under the revolving credit facility at both &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We participate in a commercial paper program under which we can issue short-term
 unsecured commercial paper not to exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.8 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at any time. The commercial paper program is backed by our revolving credit facility and reduces what we can borrow under the revolving credit facility by the amount of commercial paper outstanding. Commercial paper will be used as a continuing source of short-term financing for general corporate purposes. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$426.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$144.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of short-term borrowings outstanding
 respectively
 which were issued under our commercial paper program at weighted-average interest rates of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest paid totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$213.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$158.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$162.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. This differs from interest expense due to the amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts
 effect of interest rate contracts
 capitalized interest
 payment of other debt fees
 and timing of interest payments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our debt instruments contain certain financial covenant restrictions


 such as changes in commodity prices
 foreign currency exchange rates
 and interest rates. To manage the volatility related to these exposures
 we enter into various derivative transactions. We have policies in place that define acceptable instrument types we may enter into and establish controls to limit our market risk exposure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Commodity Price Management:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We enter into commodity derivatives to manage the price volatility and reduce the variability of future cash flows related to anticipated inventory purchases of key raw materials
 notably green coffee
 corn
 edible oils
 soybean meal
 and wheat. We also enter into commodity derivatives to manage price risk for energy input costs
 including diesel fuel and natural gas. Our derivative instruments generally have maturities of less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We do not qualify commodity derivatives for hedge accounting treatment
 and as a result
 the derivative gains and losses are immediately recognized in earnings. Although we do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for derivative positions
 we believe all of our commodity derivatives are economic hedges of our risk exposure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The commodities hedged have a high inverse correlation to price changes of the derivative instrument. Thus
 we would expect that over time any gain or loss in the estimated fair value of the derivatives would generally be offset by an increase or decrease in the estimated fair value of the underlying exposures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Hedging:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We utilize foreign currency derivatives to manage the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations on future cash payments primarily related to purchases of certain raw materials and finished goods. The contracts generally have maturities of less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We do not qualify instruments used to manage foreign currency exchange exposures for hedge accounting treatment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Interest Rate Hedging:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We utilize derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with anticipated debt transactions
 as well as to manage changes in the fair value of our long-term debt. At the inception of an interest rate contract
 the instrument is evaluated and documented for qualifying hedge accounting treatment. If the contract is designated as a cash flow hedge
 the mark-to-market gains or losses on the contract are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. If the contract is designated as a fair value hedge
 the contract is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet and changes in the fair value are recognized in interest expense. Generally
 changes in the fair value of the contract are equal to changes in the fair value of the underlying debt and have no net impact on earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We entered into interest rate contracts in November 2018 and June 2018
 with notional values of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$300.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility associated with anticipated debt financing in 2020. These interest rate contracts are designated as cash flow hedges
 and as a result
 unrealized losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at April 30
 2019. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2018
 we terminated a treasury lock concurrent with the pricing of the Senior Notes due December 15
 2027
 which was designated as a cash flow hedge and used to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility. The termination resulted in a gain of&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which was deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is being amortized as a reduction to interest expense over the life of the debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2015
 we terminated the interest rate swap on the Senior Notes due October 15
 2021
 which was designated as a fair value hedge and used to hedge against the changes in the fair value of the debt. As a result of the early termination
 we received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$58.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash
 which included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of accrued and prepaid interest. The gain on termination was recorded as an increase in the long-term debt balance and is being recognized over the remaining life of the underlying debt as a reduction of interest expense. To date
 we have recognized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$33.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the gain
 of which $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were recognized in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The remaining gain will be recognized as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables set forth the gross fair value amounts of derivative instruments recognized in the Consolidated Balance&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:61%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Current&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Current&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Noncurrent&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Noncurrent&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total derivative not designated as hedging instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total derivative instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Current&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Current&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Noncurrent&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Noncurrent&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total derivative instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have elected to not offset fair value amounts recognized for our exchange-traded derivative instruments and our cash margin accounts executed with the same counterparty that are generally subject to enforceable netting agreements. We are required to maintain cash margin accounts in connection with funding the settlement of our open positions. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we maintained cash margin account balances of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 included in other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The change in the cash margin account balances is included in other &amp;#8211; net
 investing activities in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. In the event of default and immediate net settlement of all of our open positions with individual counterparties
 all of our derivative liabilities would be fully offset by either our derivative asset positions or margin accounts based on the net asset or liability position with our individual counterparties.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest expense &amp;#8211; net
 as presented in the Statements of Consolidated Income
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$207.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$174.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$163.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The following table presents information on the pre-tax gains and losses recognized on interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:68%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gains (losses) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less: Gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;income (loss) to interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(48.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were deferred net pre-tax losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$52.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 related to the active and terminated interest rate contracts. The related net tax benefit recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) was&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;at&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;of the net pre-tax loss will be recognized over the next 12 months related to the active and terminated interest rate contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the net gains and losses recognized in cost of products sold on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:74%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gains (losses) on commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(98.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gains (losses) on foreign currency exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total gains (losses) recognized in costs of products sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(95.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(35.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative gains and losses are reported in unallocated derivative gains and losses outside of segment operating results until the related inventory is sold. At that time
 we reclassify the hedge gains and losses from unallocated derivative gains and losses to segment profit
 allowing our segments to realize the economic effect of the hedge without experiencing any mark-to-market volatility. The following table presents the activity in unallocated derivative gains and losses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:77%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net gains (losses) on mark-to-market valuation of unallocated derivative positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(95.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(35.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less: Net gains (losses) on derivative positions reclassified to segment operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(41.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(36.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unallocated derivative gains (losses) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(54.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$52.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the gross notional value of outstanding derivative contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.40476190476191%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:79%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Derivatives and Hedging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which requires all derivative instruments to be recognized in the financial statements and measured at fair value
 regardless of the purpose or intent for holding them.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We do not qualify commodity derivatives or instruments used to manage foreign currency exchange exposures for hedge accounting treatment and
 as a result
 the derivative gains and losses are immediately recognized in earnings. Although we do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for derivative positions
 we believe all of our derivatives are economic hedges of our risk exposure. The exposures hedged have a high inverse correlation to price changes of the derivative instrument. Thus
 we would expect that over time any gain or loss in the estimated fair value of the derivatives would generally be offset by an increase or decrease in the estimated fair value of the underlying exposures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We utilize derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with anticipated debt transactions
 as well as to manage changes in the fair value of our long-term debt. At the inception of the contract
 the instrument is evaluated and documented for hedge accounting treatment. If the contract is designated as a cash flow hedge
 the mark-to-market gains or losses on the contract are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 and reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. If the contract is designated as a fair value hedge
 the contract is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet
 and changes in the fair value are recognized in interest expense. Generally


 these incentives consist of restricted shares
 restricted stock units (which may also be referred to as deferred stock units)
 performance units
 and stock options. These awards are administered primarily through the 2010 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan initially approved by our shareholders in August 2010 and re-approved in August 2015. Awards under this plan may be in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted shares
 restricted stock units
 performance shares
 performance units
 incentive awards
 and other share-based awards. Awards under this plan may be granted to our non-employee directors
 consultants
 officers
 and other employees. Deferred stock units granted to non-employee directors vest immediately and
 along with dividends credited on those deferred stock units
 are paid out in the form of common shares upon termination of service as a non-employee director. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
380
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares available for future issuance under this plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the 2010 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan
 we have the option to settle share-based awards by issuing common shares from treasury
 issuing new Company common shares
 or issuing a combination of common shares from treasury and new Company common shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock Options:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock options have been granted under the 2010 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan since 2016. Stock options granted in 2016 vested over periods of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 dependent on the continued service of the option holder
 as well as the achievement of performance objectives established on the grant date. The exercise price of all stock options granted was equal to the market value of the shares on the date of grant
 and all stock options granted and outstanding have a contractual term of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table is a summary of our stock option activity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.20634920634922%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:74%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Number of&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-Average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Exercise Price&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at May&amp;#160;1
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;823
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercisable at April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the stock option. The total intrinsic value for stock options both outstanding and exercisable was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 both with an average remaining contractual term of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.0 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and during both 2019 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock options exercised. The closing market price of our common stock on the last trading day of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$122.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation cost related to stock options is recognized ratably over the service period from the grant date through the end of the requisite service period to the extent the performance objectives are likely to be achieved. During 2019
 we did &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;t recognize any compensation cost related to stock options
 as the requisite service period ended on April 30
 2018. The compensation cost for stock option awards totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the year ended April 30
 2018
 and the compensation net benefit totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the year ended April 30
 2017
 which was included in other special project costs in the Statements of Consolidated Income. During 2017
 we concluded that a portion of the performance objectives were unachievable
 and therefore reversed the life-to-date compensation cost recognized. The tax expense related to the stock option expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and the net benefit was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. There was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We did &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;t receive cash from stock option exercises for the years ended April&amp;#160;30
 2019 and 2017. Cash received from stock option exercises was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the year ended April&amp;#160;30
 2018. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:2px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:2px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Equity Awards:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table is a summary of our restricted shares
 deferred stock units
 and performance units.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:56%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Restricted&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;and Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Grant Date&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Performance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Conversion &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Date&amp;#160;Fair Value&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at May 1
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;542
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;194
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Converted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(84
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(158
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;107.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(78
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at April 30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;583
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The weighted-average grant date fair value of equity awards other than stock options that vested in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$24.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The vesting date fair value of equity awards other than stock options that vested in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$32.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted shares and deferred stock units is the average of the high and the low share price on the date of grant. The weighted-average conversion date fair value of performance units is the average of the high and the low share price on the date of conversion to restricted shares. The following table summarizes the weighted-average fair values of the equity awards granted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:56%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Restricted&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;and Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Stock Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Grant Date&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Performance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Conversion &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Date Fair Value&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;194
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;136
127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;180
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The performance units column represents the number of restricted shares received by certain executive officers
 subsequent to year-end
 upon conversion of the performance units earned during the year. Restricted shares and deferred stock units generally vest &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;four years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; from the date of grant or upon the attainment of a defined age and years of service


 2018
 we sold our U.S. baking business to Brynwood Partners VII L.P. and Brynwood Partners VIII L.P.
 subsidiaries of Brynwood Partners
 an unrelated party. The transaction included products that were primarily sold in U.S. retail channels under the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Pillsbury&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Martha White&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Hungry Jack&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; White Lily&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Jim Dandy &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;brands
 along with all relevant trademarks and licensing agreements
 and our manufacturing facility in Toledo
 Ohio. This business generated net sales of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$370.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2018. The transaction did not include our baking business in Canada.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The operating results for this business were primarily included in the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment prior to the sale. We received proceeds from the divestiture of&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$369.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which were net of cash transaction costs and included a working capital adjustment. Upon completion of the transaction
 we recognized a pre-tax gain of&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$27.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;during 2019


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;514.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
338.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;592.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less: Net income allocated to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income allocated to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;511.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Investments &amp;#8211; Equity Method and Joint Ventures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Under the equity method
 the initial investment is recorded at cost and the investment is subsequently adjusted for its proportionate share of earnings or losses
 including consideration of basis differences resulting from the difference between the initial carrying amount of the investment and the underlying equity in net assets. The difference between the carrying amount of the investment and the underlying equity in net assets is primarily attributable to goodwill and other intangible assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During 2017
 we sold our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent equity interest in Guilin Seamild Biologic Technology Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Seamild&amp;#8221;)
 a privately-owned manufacturer and marketer of oats products in China. We received proceeds from the sale of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 net of transaction costs
 and recognized a pre-tax gain of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during 2017. The initial investment in Seamild was in 2012 for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$35.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and was included in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The investment in Seamild did not have a material impact on International and Away From Home or the consolidated financial statements for the year ended April&amp;#160;30
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additionally
 we have a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent equity interest in Mountain Country Foods
 LLC
 and a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent equity interest in Numi
 Inc. The carrying amount of these investments is included in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The investments did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements or the respective reportable segment to which they relate for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30


&amp;#160;2019&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketable securities and other investments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Municipal obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative financial instruments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency exchange contracts &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
646.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(857.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
504.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial instruments measured at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
658.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(873.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
532.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Active Markets&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;for Identical&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets (Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Observable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Unobservable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level&amp;#160;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&amp;#160;at&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; April&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2018&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketable securities and other investments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Municipal obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative financial instruments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency exchange contracts &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
579.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
579.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial instruments measured at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
562.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
524.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:6pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Marketable securities and other investments consist of funds maintained for the payment of benefits associated with nonqualified retirement plans. The funds include equity securities listed in active markets
 municipal obligations valued by a third-party using valuation techniques that utilize inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
 and money market funds with maturities of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:9pt;&gt;three months or less&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;. Based on the short-term nature of these money market funds
 carrying value approximates fair value. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 our municipal obligations are scheduled to mature as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 and the remaining &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$28.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; and beyond. For additional information
 see Marketable Securities and Other Investments in Note 1: Accounting Policies.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(B)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Level 1 commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives are valued using quoted market prices for identical instruments in active markets. Level 2 commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives are valued using quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets. The Level 2 interest rate contracts are valued using standard valuation techniques
 the income approach
 and observable Level 2 market expectations at the measurement date to convert future amounts to a single discounted present value. Level 2 inputs for the valuation of the interest rate contracts are limited to prices that are observable for the asset or liability. For additional information
 see Note 10: Derivative Financial Instruments. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(C)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Long-term debt is composed of public Senior Notes classified as Level 1 and the Term Loan classified as Level 2. The public Senior Notes are traded in an active secondary market and valued using quoted prices. The fair value of the Term Loan is based on the net present value of each interest and principal payment calculated utilizing an interest rate derived from an estimated yield curve obtained from independent pricing sources for similar types of term loan borrowing arrangements. For additional information


 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketable securities and other investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative financial instruments &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
484.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
504.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
688.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4


 other than derivatives
 that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash investments
 short-term borrowings
 and trade receivables. The carrying value of these financial instruments approximates fair value. Our remaining financial instruments
 with the exception of long-term debt
 are recognized at estimated fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table provides information on the carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:61%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketable securities and other investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative financial instruments &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
484.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
504.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
688.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
579.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Valuation techniques are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables summarize the fair values and the levels within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall for our financial instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Active Markets&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;for Identical&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets (Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Observable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Unobservable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level&amp;#160;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&amp;#160;at&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; April&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2019&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketable securities and other investments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Municipal obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative financial instruments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency exchange contracts &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
646.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(857.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
504.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial instruments measured at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
658.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(873.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
532.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Active Markets&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;for Identical&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets (Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Observable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Unobservable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level&amp;#160;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&amp;#160;at&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; April&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2018&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Marketable securities and other investments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Municipal obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative financial instruments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency exchange contracts &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
579.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
579.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial instruments measured at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
562.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4
524.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:6pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Marketable securities and other investments consist of funds maintained for the payment of benefits associated with nonqualified retirement plans. The funds include equity securities listed in active markets
 municipal obligations valued by a third-party using valuation techniques that utilize inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
 and money market funds with maturities of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:9pt;&gt;three months or less&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;. Based on the short-term nature of these money market funds
 carrying value approximates fair value. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 our municipal obligations are scheduled to mature as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 and the remaining &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$28.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; and beyond. For additional information
 see Marketable Securities and Other Investments in Note 1: Accounting Policies.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(B)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Level 1 commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives are valued using quoted market prices for identical instruments in active markets. Level 2 commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives are valued using quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets. The Level 2 interest rate contracts are valued using standard valuation techniques
 the income approach
 and observable Level 2 market expectations at the measurement date to convert future amounts to a single discounted present value. Level 2 inputs for the valuation of the interest rate contracts are limited to prices that are observable for the asset or liability. For additional information
 see Note 10: Derivative Financial Instruments. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(C)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Long-term debt is composed of public Senior Notes classified as Level 1 and the Term Loan classified as Level 2. The public Senior Notes are traded in an active secondary market and valued using quoted prices. The fair value of the Term Loan is based on the net present value of each interest and principal payment calculated utilizing an interest rate derived from an estimated yield curve obtained from independent pricing sources for similar types of term loan borrowing arrangements. For additional information
 see Note 8: Debt and Financing Arrangements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Furthermore
 we recognized impairment charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$205.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during 2019
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$97.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$107.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the goodwill of the Natural Foods reporting unit within the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment and certain indefinite-lived trademarks in the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 respectively. During 2018
 we recognized impairment charges of&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$176.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the goodwill of the Pet Foods reporting unit and certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 respectively. These adjustments were included as noncash charges in our Statements of Consolidated Income. We utilized Level 3 inputs based on management&amp;#8217;s best estimates and assumptions to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived trademarks. For additional information




 while income and expenses are translated using average rates throughout the periods. Translation adjustments are reported as a component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were foreign currency losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$35.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$16.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
090.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
599.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
969.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;417.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
077.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Impairment charge &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
090.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
600.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
824.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;426.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
942.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;617.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;617.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Divestiture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Impairment charge &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
090.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
358.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
442.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;419.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
310.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;The amounts reflected in this table represent the accumulated goodwill impairment charges
 as there have been &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; goodwill impairment charges recognized prior to these periods. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(B)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;The amounts classified as other represent foreign currency exchange adjustments. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our other intangible assets and related accumulated amortization and impairment charges
 including foreign currency exchange adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:37%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Acquisition&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amortization/&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Impairment&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Charges/&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Foreign&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Currency&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Exchange&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Acquisition&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amortization/&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Impairment&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Charges/&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Foreign&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Currency&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Exchange&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:6px;text-indent:-6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Finite-lived intangible assets subject to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:6px;text-indent:-6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer and contractual relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
471.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
156.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
314.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
520.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;959.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
560.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Patents and technology&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;127.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;499.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;166.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;333.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;556.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;411.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intangible assets subject to amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
139.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
451.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
688.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
245.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
218.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
026.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:6px;text-indent:-6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
321.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;290.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
030.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
078.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;187.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
890.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
460.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
741.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
718.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
323.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
406.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
916.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$239.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$204.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$205.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The weighted-average useful lives of the customer and contractual relationships
 patents and technology
 and trademarks are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The weighted-average useful life of total finite-lived intangible assets is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Based on the carrying amount of intangible assets subject to amortization at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the estimated amortization expense is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$235.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$233.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$229.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$221.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$216.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;We review goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually on February 1 for impairment and more often if indicators of impairment exist. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During the third quarter of 2019
 we began our annual planning cycle
 inclusive of a strategy review within our strategic business areas. Our planning process was not complete at the end of the third quarter; however
 we made some decisions related to certain brands resulting in a reduction in our long-term forecasted net sales of certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 excluding the acquired Ainsworth business. As a result of the strategic decisions made at that time
 the reduction in long-term forecasted net sales for these indefinite-lived trademarks
 and the narrow differences between fair value and carrying value as of April 30
 2018
 we performed an interim impairment analysis on these trademarks during the third quarter of 2019
 which resulted in an impairment charge of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$107.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. This charge was included as a noncash charge in our Statement of Consolidated Income. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of February 1
 2019
 we completed the annual impairment review
 in which goodwill impairment was tested at the reporting unit level for our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; reporting units. As a result
 we recognized an impairment charge of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$97.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 related to the goodwill of the Natural Foods reporting unit within the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment
 which was driven by a reduction in our long-term net sales and profitability projections. The reduction in projections for the Natural Foods reporting unit was driven by certain brand-specific strategic decisions made during the fourth quarter of 2019 that prioritized investments in growth brands outside of the reporting unit
 as well as the impact of recent category trends. The goodwill impairment charge was included as a noncash charge in our Statement of Consolidated Income and represents the remaining carrying value of the goodwill within the reporting unit. Furthermore
 we completed an impairment review of the remaining long-lived assets within the Natural Foods reporting unit and did not recognize any additional impairment. Related to the remaining reporting units
 we did not recognize any impairment charges related to goodwill or any of their respective indefinite-lived trademarks.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of the annual test date
 the estimated fair value was substantially in excess of the carrying value for the majority of the remaining reporting units and material indefinite-lived intangible assets
 and in all instances
 the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value by greater than 10 percent
 with the exception of the Pet Foods reporting unit and all indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. The carrying values of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.4 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 as of April 30
 2019. These intangible assets are susceptible to future impairment charges due to narrow differences between fair value and carrying value as a result of recent impairment charges and the acquisition of Ainsworth in May 2018. Additional sensitivity analyses were performed for the Pet Foods reporting unit
 assuming a hypothetical 50-basis-point decrease in the expected long-term growth rate or a hypothetical 50-basis-point increase in the weighted-average cost of capital. Both scenarios independently yielded an estimated fair value for the Pet Foods reporting unit below carrying value. Therefore
 any significant adverse changes to the forecasted net sales or profitability
 as well as any significant adverse changes in strategy
 could result in future impairment charges which could be material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During the third quarter of 2018
 as a result of a decline in forecasted net sales for the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment in combination with the narrow differences between estimated fair value and carrying value of the Pet Foods reporting unit and indefinite-lived trademarks as of April 30
 2017
 we performed an interim impairment analysis on the goodwill of the Pet Foods reporting unit and the indefinite-lived trademarks included within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment. We recognized total impairment charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$176.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2018
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the goodwill of the Pet Foods reporting unit and certain indefinite-lived trademarks within the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment
 respectively. These noncash charges were included in our Statement of Consolidated Income. Furthermore
 at that time
 we adopted ASU 2017-04
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in connection with the third quarter of 2018 interim impairment analysis. As a result
 we did not perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test for the goodwill of the Pet Foods reporting unit
 and recorded the impairment charge based on the excess of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying value over its fair value


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Intangibles &amp;#8211; Goodwill and Other
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed at least annually for impairment. We conduct our annual test for impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;February 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of each year. As of the current year annual impairment test date
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; reporting units. A discounted cash flow valuation technique was utilized to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. We also used a market-based approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The discount rates utilized in the cash flow analyses were developed using a weighted-average cost of capital methodology. In addition to the annual test
 we test for impairment if events or circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying amount. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives
 which are evaluated on an annual basis. For additional information


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;659.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;828.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;836.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;701.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;861.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;878.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:68%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;227.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;277.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;325.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(73.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(802.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(78.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;187.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(477.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;286.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:70%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;(Percent of Pre-tax Income)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Statutory federal income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax reform &amp;#8211; net impact on U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(92.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax reform &amp;#8211; transition tax &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill impairment charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sale of the U.S. baking business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State and local income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax benefit from integration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other items &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Effective income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(55.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;250.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;336.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;367.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$187.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for 2019 includes the permanent tax impacts associated with the sale of the U.S. baking business and a goodwill impairment charge
 partially offset by a noncash deferred tax benefit related to the integration of Ainsworth into the Company. The income tax benefit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$477.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for 2018 included the net benefit of our discrete adjustments resulting directly from U.S. tax reform
 as discussed below
 partially offset by the permanent tax impact of a goodwill impairment charge. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;U.S. Tax Reform: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted the Act
 legislating comprehensive tax reform that reduced the U.S. federal statutory corporate tax rate from&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.0 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; effective January 1
 2018
 broadened the U.S. federal income tax base
 required companies to pay a one-time transition tax
 and created new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings as part of a new territorial tax regime. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During the third quarter of 2019
 we finalized our accounting for the income tax effects of enactment of the Act
 as required by ASU 2018-05
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which resulted in an immaterial adjustment to the net provisional benefit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$765.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; previously recorded during 2018. The net benefit included the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the reduced federal income tax rate
 offset in part by the estimated impact of the one-time transition tax. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Despite the completion of our accounting for the Act
 the amounts recorded may change as a result of future guidance and interpretation from the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) and various other taxing jurisdictions
 all of which are continuing to analyze the complexities and interdependencies of the provisions within the Act. Any future legislative and interpretive actions could result in additional income tax impacts which could be material in the period any such changes are enacted. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are a voluntary participant in the Compliance Assurance Process (&amp;#8220;CAP&amp;#8221;) program offered by the IRS and are currently under a CAP examination for the tax years ended April 30
 2019 and 2018. Through the contemporaneous exchange of information with the IRS
 this program is designed to identify and resolve tax positions with the IRS prior to the filing of a tax return
 which allows us to remain current with our IRS examinations. The IRS has completed the CAP examinations for the tax years ended April&amp;#160;30
 2017 and 2016. The tax years prior to 2016 are no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examination. With limited exceptions
 we are no longer subject to examination for state and local jurisdictions for the tax years prior to 2015 and for the tax years prior to 2012 for foreign jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax reporting. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:98.61111111111111%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:79%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
428.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
393.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
562.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
506.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Post-employment and other employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax credit and loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hedging transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets
 less allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;163.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
398.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
377.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In accordance with purchase accounting
 we recorded a deferred tax asset of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in respect of a federal net operating loss carryforward acquired as part of the Ainsworth acquisition
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was utilized in 2019. We expect to fully utilize the remaining &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2020. We evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets for each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. The total valuation allowance increased by a net amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During 2019
 we repatriated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$122.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of international cash in conjunction with the restructuring of our foreign subsidiaries discussed in Note 3: Integration and Restructuring Costs. Applicable foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes
 which were not significant
 have been included in income tax expense. Deferred income taxes have not been provided on approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$57.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of remaining temporary differences related to our investments in foreign subsidiaries since these amounts remain permanently reinvested. It is not practical to estimate the amount of additional taxes that might be payable on these basis differences because of the numerous methods by which these differences could reverse.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our unrecognized tax benefits were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; would affect the effective tax rate
 if recognized
 as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Our accrual for tax-related net interest and penalties totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The amount of tax related to net interest and penalties credited to earnings totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for 2019
 and charged to earnings totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Within the next &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12 months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 it is reasonably possible that we could decrease our unrecognized tax benefits by an estimated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 primarily as a result of the expiration of statute of limitation periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A reconciliation of our unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:77%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at May&amp;#160;1
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquired businesses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Decreases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement with tax authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expiration of statute of limitations periods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in the applicable tax rate is recognized in income or expense in the period that the change is enacted. A tax benefit is recognized when it is more likely than not to be sustained. A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We account for the financial statement recognition and measurement criteria of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return under FASB ASC 740
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 and disclosure. In accordance with the requirements of ASC 740
 uncertain tax positions have been classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as noncurrent
 except to the extent payment is expected within one year. We recognize net interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted the Act
 legislating comprehensive tax reform that reduced the U.S. federal statutory corporate tax rate from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.0 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; effective January 1
 2018
 broadened the U.S. federal income tax base
 required companies to pay a one-time transition tax
 and created new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings as part of a new territorial tax regime. For additional information


 including foreign currency exchange adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:37%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Acquisition&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amortization/&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Impairment&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Charges/&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Foreign&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Currency&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Exchange&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Acquisition&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amortization/&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Impairment&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Charges/&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Foreign&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Currency&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Exchange&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:6px;text-indent:-6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Finite-lived intangible assets subject to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:6px;text-indent:-6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer and contractual relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
471.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
156.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
314.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
520.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;959.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
560.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Patents and technology&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;127.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;499.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;166.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;333.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;556.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;411.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intangible assets subject to amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
139.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
451.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
688.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
245.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
218.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
026.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:6px;text-indent:-6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
321.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;290.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
030.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
078.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;187.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
890.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
460.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
741.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
718.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
323.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
406.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5


 with market being defined as net realizable value
 less costs to sell. Cost for all inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method applied on a consistent basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The cost of finished products and work-in-process inventory includes materials
 direct labor
 and overhead. Work-in-process is included in finished products in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$80.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the fair value of these investments was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and was included in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were unrealized pre-tax gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 like other food manufacturers
 are from time to time subject to various administrative
 regulatory
 and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We are currently a defendant in a variety of such legal proceedings
 including certain lawsuits related to the alleged price-fixing of shelf stable tuna products prior to 2011 by a business previously owned by
 but divested prior to our acquisition of
 Big Heart
 the significant majority of which we settled during the second half of 2019 and the remainder of which we anticipate resolving in the near future. While we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate results of these proceedings or potential settlements associated with these matters
 we have accrued losses for certain contingent liabilities that we have determined are probable and reasonably estimable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Based on the information known to date
 with the exception of the matter discussed below
 we do not believe the final outcome of these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On May 9
 2011
 CERT filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of the State of California
 County of Los Angeles
 against us and additional defendants who manufacture
 package
 distribute
 or sell packaged coffee. The lawsuit is CERT v. Brad Barry LLC
 et al.
 and was a tag along to a 2010 lawsuit against companies selling &amp;#8220;ready-to-drink&amp;#8221; coffee based on the same claims. Both cases have since been consolidated and now include nearly eighty defendants
 which constitute the great majority of the coffee industry in California. The Plaintiff alleges that we and the other defendants failed to provide warnings for our coffee products of exposure to the chemical acrylamide as required under Proposition 65. The Plaintiff seeks equitable relief
 including providing warnings to consumers of coffee products
 as well as civil penalties in the amount of the statutory maximum of $2
500.00 per day per violation of Proposition 65. The Plaintiff asserts that every consumed cup of coffee
 absent a compliant warning
 is equivalent to a violation under Proposition 65. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As part of a joint defense group organized to defend against the lawsuit
 we dispute the claims of the Plaintiff. Acrylamide is not added to coffee but is inherently present in all coffee in small amounts (measured in parts per billion) as a byproduct of the coffee bean roasting process. We have asserted multiple affirmative defenses. Trial of the first phase of the case commenced on September 8
 2014
 and was limited to three affirmative defenses shared by all defendants. On &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September 1
 2015
 the trial court issued a final ruling adverse to the defendants on all Phase 1 defenses. Trial of the second phase of the case commenced in the fall of calendar year 2017. On March 28
 2018
 the trial court issued a proposed ruling adverse to the defendants on the Phase 2 defense
 our last remaining defense to liability. The trial court finalized and affirmed its Phase 2 ruling on May 7
 2018
 and therefore
 the trial on the third phase regarding remedies issues was scheduled to commence on October 15
 2018. The trial did not proceed on the scheduled date as further described below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On June 15
 2018
 the state agency responsible for administering the Proposition 65 program
 the California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (&amp;#8220;OEHHA&amp;#8221;)
 issued a proposed regulation clarifying that cancer warnings are not required for coffee under Proposition 65. The California Court of Appeals granted defendants&amp;#8217; requests to stay the trial on remedies until a final determination was made on OEHHA&amp;#8217;s proposed regulation. The California Office of Administrative Law approved the proposed regulation on June 3
 2019
 and the regulation will go into effect on October 1
 2019
 which should result in the dismissal of this case. However
 prior to the approval of the proposed regulation
 CERT challenged the authority of OEHHA to propose the regulation. Considering the regulation is final
 we expect this challenge to continue. At this stage of the proceedings
 prior to and without knowing whether the trial on remedies issues will move forward in light of the challenge
 we are unable to predict or reasonably estimate the potential loss or effect on our operations. Accordingly
 no loss contingency has been recorded for this matter as of April 30
 2019
 as the likelihood of loss is not considered probable or estimable. The trial court has discretion to impose zero penalties against us or to impose significant statutory penalties if the case proceeds. Significant labeling or warning requirements that could potentially be imposed by the trial court may increase our costs and adversely affect sales of our coffee products
 as well as involve substantial expense and operational disruption
 which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows. Furthermore
 a future appellate court decision could reverse the trial court rulings. The outcome and the financial impact of settlement
 the trial
 or the appellate court rulings of the case
 if any


 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Intangibles &amp;#8211; Goodwill and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Other &amp;#8211; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40) Customer&amp;#8217;s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. ASU 2018-15 aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. It will be effective for us on May 1
 2020
 with the option to early adopt at any time prior to the effective date
 and will require adoption on either a retrospective or prospective basis for all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We expect to early adopt as of May 1
 2019
 and apply this standard on a prospective basis. We anticipate capitalizing implementation costs of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to third-party cloud computing services during 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2018
 the FASB also issued ASU 2018-14
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Retirement Benefits &amp;#8211; Defined Benefit Plans &amp;#8211; General (Subtopic 715-20) Disclosure Framework &amp;#8211; Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension or other postretirement benefit plans. The guidance removes disclosures that are no longer considered cost beneficial and adds new and clarifies certain other disclosure requirements. ASU 2018-14 will be effective for us on May 1
 2020
 with the option to early adopt at any time prior to the effective date
 and it will require adoption on a retrospective basis. We do not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on our disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2018
 the SEC adopted the final rule under SEC Release No. 33-10532
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Disclosure Update and&amp;#160;Simplification&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 to eliminate or modify certain disclosure rules that are redundant
 outdated
 or duplicative of U.S. GAAP or other regulatory requirements. Among other changes
 the amendments remove the requirement to provide the ratio of earnings to fixed charges exhibit and reduce the requirements for supplemental pro forma information related to business combinations. The annual requirement to disclose dividends declared and the high and low trading prices of our common stock each quarter of the two previous years is also removed. In addition
 the disclosure requirements related to the analysis of shareholders' equity are expanded for interim financial statements. An analysis of the changes in each caption of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity presented in the balance sheet must be provided in a note or separate statement
 as well as the amount of dividends per share for each class of shares. Although this rule was effective on November 5
 2018
 the SEC is allowing an extended transition period to implement the expanded shareholders&amp;#8217; equity disclosure requirements
 which will be effective for us on May 1
 2019. While the new shareholders&amp;#8217; equity disclosure requirements will impact our interim financial statements beginning in 2020
 the amendments in this rule did not have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;In March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-07
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;font-style:italic;&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; &amp;#8211; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;font-style:italic;&gt;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715) Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;
 which requires the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost to be presented separately from the other components of the net periodic pension cost in the income statement. Additionally
 only the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost is eligible for capitaliza&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;tion. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ASU 2017-07 was effective for us on May 1
 2018. The change in presentation of service cost was applied retrospectively
 while the capitalization of service cost will be applied on a prospective basis. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#160;Income Taxes (Topic 740) Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;which requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs rather than deferring such recognition until the asset is sold to an outside party. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ASU 2016-16 was effective for us on May 1
 2018
 and required adoption on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The adoption of this ASU did not have an impact on our financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;which makes changes to how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 was effective for us on May 1
 2018
 and required adoption on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this ASU did not impact the presentation of our financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Leases (Topic 842)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with a term of more than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for us on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 1
 2019
 and requires a modified retrospective application. In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Leases &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;(Topic 842) Targeted Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which provides an additional transition method that allows entities to initially apply the new standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption without restating prior periods. We plan to utilize this transition method upon adoption
 and as a result
 we will not adjust comparative period financial information or make the new required lease disclosures for periods before the effective date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our preparation for the adoption of ASU 2016-02 is substantially complete. We have compiled an inventory of our lease arrangements in order to determine the impact the new guidance will have on our financial statements and disclosures and have implemented new lease accounting software in preparation for the standard&amp;#8217;s additional reporting requirements. We have elected certain practical expedients available under the guidance
 including a package of practical expedients which allows us to not reassess prior conclusions related to contracts containing leases
 lease classification
 and initial direct costs. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Based on our assessment to date
 we expect that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will result in the recognition of right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities in the range of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$160.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$175.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 1
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We do not expect the new standard to have a material impact on our Statement of Consolidated Income or Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity must recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. It requires additional disclosures to enable users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts. We adopted the requirements of ASU 2014-09 and all related amendments on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 1
 2018


 its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 and its majority-owned investments
 if any. Intercompany transactions and accounts are eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that we make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates in these consolidated financial statements include
 among others: estimates of future cash flows associated with assets
 potential asset impairments
 useful lives and residual values of long-lived assets used in determining depreciation and amortization
 net realizable value of inventories
 accruals for trade marketing and merchandising programs
 income taxes
 and the determination of discount and other assumptions for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit expenses. Actual results could differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We consider all short-term
 highly-liquid investments with a maturity of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months or less&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; when purchased to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Most of our revenue is derived from the sale of food and beverage products to food retailers and foodservice distributors and operators. We recognize revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer have been satisfied. This occurs when control of our products transfers
 which typically takes place upon delivery to or pick up by the customer. Amounts due from our customers are classified as trade receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and require payment on a short-term basis.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Transaction price is based on the list price included in our published price list
 which is then reduced by the estimated impact of variable consideration
 such as trade marketing and merchandising programs
 discounts
 unsaleable product allowances
 returns
 and similar items
 in the same period that the revenue is recognized. To estimate the impact of these costs
 we consider customer contract provisions
 historical data
 and our current expectations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our trade marketing and merchandising programs consist of various promotional activities conducted through retail trade
 distributors
 or directly with consumers
 including in-store display and product placement programs
 feature price discounts
 coupons
 and other similar activities. We regularly review and revise
 when we deem necessary
 estimates of costs for these promotional programs based on estimates of what will be redeemed by retail trade
 distributors
 or consumers. These estimates are made using various techniques
 including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. Differences between estimated expenditures and actual performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 subsequent period adjustments were less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of both consolidated pre-tax income and cash provided by operating activities. Total promotional expenditures
 including amounts classified as a reduction of sales
 represented &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of net sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The possibility exists that reported results could be different if factors such as the level and success of the promotional programs or other conditions differ from expectations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For revenue disaggregated by reportable segment
 geographical region
 and product category
 see Note 5: Reportable Segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Transportation costs included in cost of products sold relate to the costs incurred to ship our products. Distribution costs are included in selling
 distribution
 and administrative (&amp;#8220;SD&amp;amp;A&amp;#8221;) expenses and primarily relate to the warehousing costs incurred to store our products. Total distribution costs recorded within SD&amp;amp;A were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$266.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$245.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$252.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising Expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$237.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$194.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$169.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development Costs: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Research and development (&amp;#8220;R&amp;amp;D&amp;#8221;) costs are expensed as incurred and are included in SD&amp;amp;A in the Statements of Consolidated Income. R&amp;amp;D costs include expenditures for new product and manufacturing process innovation
 which are comprised primarily of internal salaries and wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include the depreciation and maintenance of research facilities. Total R&amp;amp;D expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$56.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$56.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$58.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Share-Based Payments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Share-based compensation expense
 excluding stock options
 is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
 which includes a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year performance period plus the defined forfeiture period. Compensation expense related to stock options is recognized ratably over the service period for each vesting tranche from the grant date through the end of the requisite service period if it is probable that the performance criteria will be met. The stock options vest over a period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 dependent on continued service of the option holder
 as well as the achievement of the performance objectives established on the grant date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes amounts related to share-based payments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:71%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Share-based compensation expense included in SD&amp;amp;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Share-based compensation expense (benefit) included in other special project costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total share-based compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related income tax benefit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;During 2017
 we concluded that a portion of the performance objectives were unachievable
 and therefore reversed the life-to-date compensation cost recognized. For additional information
 see Note 12: Share-Based Payments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 total unrecognized share-based compensation cost related to nonvested share-based awards was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The weighted-average period over which this amount is expected to be recognized is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Realized excess tax benefits are presented in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows as an operating activity and are recognized within income taxes in the Statements of Consolidated Income. For &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the excess tax benefits realized upon exercise or vesting of share-based compensation were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. For further discussion on share-based compensation expense
 see Note 12: Share-Based Payments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Defined Contribution Plans: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We offer employee savings plans for domestic and Canadian employees. Our contributions under these plans are based on a specified percentage of employee contributions. Charges to operations for these plans in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$37.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. For information on our defined benefit plans
 see Note 9: Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We account for income taxes using the liability method. Accordingly
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in the applicable tax rate is recognized in income or expense in the period that the change is enacted. A tax benefit is recognized when it is more likely than not to be sustained. A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We account for the financial statement recognition and measurement criteria of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return under FASB ASC 740
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 and disclosure. In accordance with the requirements of ASC 740
 uncertain tax positions have been classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as noncurrent
 except to the extent payment is expected within one year. We recognize net interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted the Act
 legislating comprehensive tax reform that reduced the U.S. federal statutory corporate tax rate from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.0 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; effective January 1
 2018
 broadened the U.S. federal income tax base
 required companies to pay a one-time transition tax
 and created new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings as part of a new territorial tax regime. For additional information
 see Note 13: Income Taxes. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Trade Receivables:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; In the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers. Trade receivables
 less allowances
 reflects the net realizable value of receivables and approximates fair value. We evaluate our trade receivables and establish an allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of factors. When aware that a specific customer has been impacted by circumstances such as bankruptcy filings or deterioration in the customer&amp;#8217;s operating results or financial position
 potentially making it unable to meet its financial obligations
 we record a specific reserve for bad debt to reduce the related receivable to the amount we reasonably believe is collectible. We also record reserves for bad debt for all other customers based on a variety of factors
 including the length of time the receivables are past due
 historical collection experience
 and an evaluation of current and projected economic conditions at the balance sheet date. Trade receivables are charged off against the allowance after we determine that the potential for recovery is remote. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the allowance for doubtful accounts was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. We believe there is no concentration of risk with any single customer whose failure or nonperformance would materially affect results other than as discussed in Note 5: Reportable Segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 with market being defined as net realizable value
 less costs to sell. Cost for all inventories is determined using the first-in
 first-out method applied on a consistent basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The cost of finished products and work-in-process inventory includes materials
 direct labor
 and overhead. Work-in-process is included in finished products in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$80.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We account for derivative instruments in accordance with FASB ASC 815
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Derivatives and Hedging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which requires all derivative instruments to be recognized in the financial statements and measured at fair value
 regardless of the purpose or intent for holding them.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We do not qualify commodity derivatives or instruments used to manage foreign currency exchange exposures for hedge accounting treatment and
 as a result
 the derivative gains and losses are immediately recognized in earnings. Although we do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for derivative positions
 we believe all of our derivatives are economic hedges of our risk exposure. The exposures hedged have a high inverse correlation to price changes of the derivative instrument. Thus
 we would expect that over time any gain or loss in the estimated fair value of the derivatives would generally be offset by an increase or decrease in the estimated fair value of the underlying exposures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We utilize derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with anticipated debt transactions
 as well as to manage changes in the fair value of our long-term debt. At the inception of the contract
 the instrument is evaluated and documented for hedge accounting treatment. If the contract is designated as a cash flow hedge
 the mark-to-market gains or losses on the contract are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 and reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. If the contract is designated as a fair value hedge
 the contract is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet
 and changes in the fair value are recognized in interest expense. Generally
 changes in the fair value of the contract are equal to changes in the fair value of the underlying debt and have no net impact on earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Property
 plant
 and equipment is recognized at cost and is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery and equipment
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for capitalized software costs
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings
 fixtures
 and improvements).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We lease certain land
 buildings
 and equipment for varying periods of time
 with renewal options. Rent expense in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$99.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$95.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$101.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our minimum operating lease obligations were as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$36.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$30.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In accordance with FASB ASC 360
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 long-lived assets
 other than goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future net undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by such assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its estimated fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of by sale are recognized as held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Furthermore
 determining fair value is subject to estimates of both cash flows and discount rates
 and different estimates could yield different results. There are no events or changes in circumstances of which we are aware of that indicate the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price paid over the estimated fair value of the net assets of a business acquired. In accordance with FASB ASC 350
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Intangibles &amp;#8211; Goodwill and Other
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed at least annually for impairment. We conduct our annual test for impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;February 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of each year. As of the current year annual impairment test date
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; reporting units. A discounted cash flow valuation technique was utilized to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. We also used a market-based approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The discount rates utilized in the cash flow analyses were developed using a weighted-average cost of capital methodology. In addition to the annual test
 we test for impairment if events or circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying amount. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives
 which are evaluated on an annual basis. For additional information
 see Note 7: Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Marketable Securities and Other Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We maintain funds for the payment of benefits associated with nonqualified retirement plans. These funds include investments considered to be available-for-sale marketable securities. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the fair value of these investments was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and was included in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were unrealized pre-tax gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Equity Method Investments: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments in common stock of entities other than our consolidated subsidiaries are accounted for under the equity method in accordance with FASB ASC 323
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Investments &amp;#8211; Equity Method and Joint Ventures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Under the equity method
 the initial investment is recorded at cost and the investment is subsequently adjusted for its proportionate share of earnings or losses
 including consideration of basis differences resulting from the difference between the initial carrying amount of the investment and the underlying equity in net assets. The difference between the carrying amount of the investment and the underlying equity in net assets is primarily attributable to goodwill and other intangible assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During 2017
 we sold our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent equity interest in Guilin Seamild Biologic Technology Development Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Seamild&amp;#8221;)
 a privately-owned manufacturer and marketer of oats products in China. We received proceeds from the sale of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 net of transaction costs
 and recognized a pre-tax gain of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during 2017. The initial investment in Seamild was in 2012 for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$35.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and was included in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The investment in Seamild did not have a material impact on International and Away From Home or the consolidated financial statements for the year ended April&amp;#160;30
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additionally
 we have a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent equity interest in Mountain Country Foods
 LLC
 and a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent equity interest in Numi
 Inc. The carrying amount of these investments is included in other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The investments did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements or the respective reportable segment to which they relate for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Foreign Currency Translation: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates
 while income and expenses are translated using average rates throughout the periods. Translation adjustments are reported as a component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were foreign currency losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$35.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$16.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Standards:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Intangibles &amp;#8211; Goodwill and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Other &amp;#8211; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40) Customer&amp;#8217;s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. ASU 2018-15 aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. It will be effective for us on May 1
 2020
 with the option to early adopt at any time prior to the effective date
 and will require adoption on either a retrospective or prospective basis for all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. We expect to early adopt as of May 1
 2019
 and apply this standard on a prospective basis. We anticipate capitalizing implementation costs of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to third-party cloud computing services during 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2018
 the FASB also issued ASU 2018-14
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Retirement Benefits &amp;#8211; Defined Benefit Plans &amp;#8211; General (Subtopic 715-20) Disclosure Framework &amp;#8211; Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension or other postretirement benefit plans. The guidance removes disclosures that are no longer considered cost beneficial and adds new and clarifies certain other disclosure requirements. ASU 2018-14 will be effective for us on May 1
 2020
 with the option to early adopt at any time prior to the effective date
 and it will require adoption on a retrospective basis. We do not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on our disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2018
 the SEC adopted the final rule under SEC Release No. 33-10532
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Disclosure Update and&amp;#160;Simplification&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 to eliminate or modify certain disclosure rules that are redundant
 outdated
 or duplicative of U.S. GAAP or other regulatory requirements. Among other changes
 the amendments remove the requirement to provide the ratio of earnings to fixed charges exhibit and reduce the requirements for supplemental pro forma information related to business combinations. The annual requirement to disclose dividends declared and the high and low trading prices of our common stock each quarter of the two previous years is also removed. In addition
 the disclosure requirements related to the analysis of shareholders' equity are expanded for interim financial statements. An analysis of the changes in each caption of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity presented in the balance sheet must be provided in a note or separate statement
 as well as the amount of dividends per share for each class of shares. Although this rule was effective on November 5
 2018
 the SEC is allowing an extended transition period to implement the expanded shareholders&amp;#8217; equity disclosure requirements
 which will be effective for us on May 1
 2019. While the new shareholders&amp;#8217; equity disclosure requirements will impact our interim financial statements beginning in 2020
 the amendments in this rule did not have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;In March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-07
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;font-style:italic;&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; &amp;#8211; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;font-style:italic;&gt;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715) Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;
 which requires the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost to be presented separately from the other components of the net periodic pension cost in the income statement. Additionally
 only the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost is eligible for capitaliza&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;tion. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ASU 2017-07 was effective for us on May 1
 2018. The change in presentation of service cost was applied retrospectively
 while the capitalization of service cost will be applied on a prospective basis. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#160;Income Taxes (Topic 740) Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;which requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs rather than deferring such recognition until the asset is sold to an outside party. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ASU 2016-16 was effective for us on May 1
 2018
 and required adoption on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The adoption of this ASU did not have an impact on our financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;which makes changes to how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 was effective for us on May 1
 2018
 and required adoption on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this ASU did not impact the presentation of our financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Leases (Topic 842)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with a term of more than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for us on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 1
 2019
 and requires a modified retrospective application. In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Leases &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;(Topic 842) Targeted Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which provides an additional transition method that allows entities to initially apply the new standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption without restating prior periods. We plan to utilize this transition method upon adoption
 and as a result
 we will not adjust comparative period financial information or make the new required lease disclosures for periods before the effective date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our preparation for the adoption of ASU 2016-02 is substantially complete. We have compiled an inventory of our lease arrangements in order to determine the impact the new guidance will have on our financial statements and disclosures and have implemented new lease accounting software in preparation for the standard&amp;#8217;s additional reporting requirements. We have elected certain practical expedients available under the guidance
 including a package of practical expedients which allows us to not reassess prior conclusions related to contracts containing leases
 lease classification
 and initial direct costs. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Based on our assessment to date
 we expect that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will result in the recognition of right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities in the range of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$160.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$175.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 1
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We do not expect the new standard to have a material impact on our Statement of Consolidated Income or Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity must recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. It requires additional disclosures to enable users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts. We adopted the requirements of ASU 2014-09 and all related amendments on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 1
 2018
 using the modified retrospective transition method. The adoption did not have an impact on our financial statements. The additional disclosures required are presented above within the Revenue Recognition accounting policy and within Note 5: Reportable Segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Risks and Uncertainties: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The raw materials we use are primarily commodities
 agricultural-based products
 and packaging materials. The principal packaging materials we use are plastic
 glass
 metal cans
 caps
 carton board
 and corrugate. Green coffee
 peanuts
 animal protein meals
 oils and fats
 sweeteners
 grains
 fruit
 and other ingredients are obtained from various suppliers. The availability
 quality
 and cost of many of these commodities have fluctuated
 and may continue to fluctuate over time. Green coffee is sourced solely from foreign countries
 and its supply and price are subject to high volatility due to factors such as weather
 global supply and demand
 plant disease
 investor speculation
 and political and economic conditions in the source countries. Raw materials are generally available from numerous sources
 although we have elected to source certain plastic packaging materials and finished goods
 such as K-Cup&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#174;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pods and our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Pup-Peroni &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;dog snacks
 from single sources of supply pursuant to long-term contracts. While availability may vary from year to year
 we believe that we will continue to be able to obtain adequate supplies and that alternatives to single-sourced materials are available. We have not historically encountered significant shortages of key raw materials. We consider our relationships with key raw material suppliers to be in good standing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have consolidated our production capacity for certain products
 including substantially all of our coffee
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Milk-Bone &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;dog snacks
 fruit spreads
 toppings
 and syrups
 into single manufacturing sites. Although steps are taken at all of our manufacturing sites to reduce the likelihood of a production disruption
 an interruption at a single manufacturing site would result in a reduction or elimination of the availability of some of our products for a period of time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Of our total employees
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are covered by union contracts at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;nine&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; manufacturing locations. The contracts vary in term
 with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; contracts expiring in 2020
 representing &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our total employees. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We insure our business and assets in each country against insurable risks
 to the extent that we deem appropriate


 we sponsor several unfunded postretirement plans that provide health care and life insurance benefits to certain retired U.S. and Canadian employees. These plans are contributory
 with retiree contributions adjusted periodically
 and contain other cost-sharing features
 such as deductibles and coinsurance. Covered employees generally are eligible for these benefits &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;when they reach age 55 and have attained 10 years of credited service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the components of net periodic benefit cost and the change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Defined&amp;#160;Benefit&amp;#160;Pension&amp;#160;Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&amp;#160;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Year Ended April 30

 average life expectancy is used instead of the average expected useful service period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:2px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:2px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use a measurement date of April&amp;#160;30 to determine defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans&amp;#8217; assets and benefit obligations. The following table sets forth the combined status of the plans as recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Defined&amp;#160;Benefit&amp;#160;Pension&amp;#160;Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&amp;#160;Benefits&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;639.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;677.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(33.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(36.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Curtailment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(23.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Termination benefit cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;615.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;639.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;497.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;489.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Company contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(33.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(36.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(23.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;480.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;497.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Funded status of the plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(135.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(142.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(70.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(65.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Defined benefit pensions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(139.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(144.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other postretirement benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(65.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(61.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net benefit liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(135.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(142.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(70.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(65.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 before income taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:57%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Defined&amp;#160;Benefit&amp;#160;Pension&amp;#160;Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&amp;#160;Benefits&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net actuarial gain (loss) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(157.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(150.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prior service credit (cost) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(160.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(155.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we expect to recognize amortization of net actuarial losses and prior service credit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in net periodic benefit cost.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of April 30
 2017
 we changed the approach utilized to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Historically
 we estimated the service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. As of April 30
 2017
 we utilized a spot rate approach for the estimation of service and interest cost for our plans by applying specific spot rates along the yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows
 to provide a better estimate of service and interest costs. This approach does not affect the measurement of the total benefit obligations
 and has been accounted for as a change in estimate that is effected by a change in accounting principle. As such
 we accounted for this change in methodology on a prospective basis beginning May 1
 2017
 which resulted in a benefit of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used in determining the benefit obligations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Defined&amp;#160;Benefit&amp;#160;Pension&amp;#160;Plans&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&amp;#160;Benefits&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canadian plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the assumed health care trend rates are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.5 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.5 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the U.S. and Canadian plans
 respectively. The rate for participants under age 65 is assumed to decrease to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.0 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in calendar &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the U.S. plan and remain at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.5 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the Canadian plan. The health care cost trend rate assumption impacts the amount of the other postretirement benefits obligation and periodic other postretirement benefits cost reported. A one percentage point annual change in the assumed health care cost trend rate would have the following effect as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:83%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;One&amp;#160;Percentage&amp;#160;Point&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Decrease&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Effect on total service and interest cost components&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Effect on benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth selective information pertaining to our Canadian pension and other postretirement benefit plans
 which is included in the consolidated information presented on pages 58 and 59.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Defined&amp;#160;Benefit&amp;#160;Pension&amp;#160;Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&amp;#160;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April&amp;#160;30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;87.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Funded status of the plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Components of net periodic benefit cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net periodic benefit cost (credit) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Changes in plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Company contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth additional information related to our defined benefit pension plans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:81%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation for all pension plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;605.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;627.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;521.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;541.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;388.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Projected benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;531.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;552.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;388.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We employ a total return on investment approach for the defined benefit pension plans&amp;#8217; assets. A mix of equity
 fixed-income
 and alternative investments is used to maximize the long-term rate of return on assets for the level of risk. In determining the expected long-term rate of return on the defined benefit pension plans&amp;#8217; assets
 we consider the historical rates of return
 the nature of investments
 the asset allocation
 and expectations of future investment strategies. The actual rate of return was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.8 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.4 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 which excludes administrative and investment expenses. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our current investment policy is to invest approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of assets in fixed-income securities
 with the remaining invested primarily in equity securities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables summarize the major asset classes for the U.S. and Canadian defined benefit pension plans and the levels within the fair value hierarchy for those assets measured at fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Active&amp;#160;Markets&amp;#160;for&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Identical&amp;#160;Assets&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Observable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Unobservable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Plan Assets At April 30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed-income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bonds &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(D)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;220.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;220.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(E)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other types of investments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(F)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial assets measured at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;412.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;470.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial assets measured at net asset value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(G)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;480.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Active&amp;#160;Markets&amp;#160;for&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Identical&amp;#160;Assets&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Observable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Unobservable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Plan Assets At April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;94.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed-income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bonds &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(D)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(E)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other types of investments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(F)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial assets measured at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;456.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;488.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial assets measured at net asset value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#160;(G)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;497.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:6pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category includes money market holdings with maturities of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;three months or less&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; and are classified as Level 1 assets. Based on the short-term nature of these assets

 but may also invest in emerging markets. The Level 1 assets are valued using quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets. The Level 2 asset is comprised of a pooled fund that consists of equity securities traded on active exchanges.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(D)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category is primarily comprised of bond funds
 which seek to duplicate the return characteristics of high-quality U.S. and foreign corporate bonds with a duration range of 10 to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;13 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 as well as various U.S. Treasury Separate Trading of Registered Interest and Principal holdings
 with wide-ranging maturity dates. The Level 1 assets are valued using quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(E)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category is comprised of fixed-income funds that invest primarily in government-related bonds of non-U.S. issuers and include investments in the Canadian
 as well as emerging markets. The Level 1 assets are valued using quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(F)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category is comprised of a real estate fund whereby the underlying investments are contained in the Canadian market
 a common collective trust fund investing in direct commercial property funds
 and a private limited investment partnership in 2018. The real estate fund and the collective trust fund investing in direct commercial property are classified as a Level 2 asset
 whereby the underlying securities are valued utilizing quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets and based on the quoted market prices of the underlying investments in the common collective trust
 respectively. The private investment limited partnership in 2018 is classified as a Level 3 asset. The investments in this partnership were valued at estimated fair value based on audited financial statements received from the general partner. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(G)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category is comprised of a private equity fund that consists primarily of limited partnership interests in corporate finance and venture capital funds
 as well as a private limited investment partnership. The fair value estimates of the private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are based on the underlying funds&amp;#8217; net asset values further as a practical expedient equivalent to the Company&amp;#8217;s defined benefit plan&amp;#8217;s ownership interest in partners&amp;#8217; capital
 whereby a proportionate share of the net assets is attributed and further corroborated by our review. The private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are non-redeemable
 and the return of principal is based on the liquidation of the underlying assets. In accordance with ASU 2015-07
 the private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are removed from the total financial assets measured at fair value and disclosed separately. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We expect to contribute approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to the defined benefit pension plans in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We expect the following payments to be made from the defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$49.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$47.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$47.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$51.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$46.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$222.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Multi-Employer Pension Plan: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We participate in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; multi-employer pension plan
 the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund (&amp;#8220;Bakery and Confectionery Union Fund&amp;#8221;) (52-6118572)
 which provides defined benefits to certain union employees. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was contributed to the plan
 respectively
 and we anticipate contributions of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The risks of participating in multi-employer pension plans are different from the risks of participating in single-employer pension plans. For instance
 the assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 and if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan allocable to the withdrawing employer may be the responsibility of the remaining participating employers. Additionally
 if we stop participating in the multi-employer pension plan
 we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on our allocable share of the underfunded status of the plan
 referred to as a withdrawal liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Pension Protection Act of 2006 ranks the funded status of multi-employer pension plans depending upon a plan&amp;#8217;s current and projected funding. A plan is in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Red&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Zone (Critical) if it has a current funded percentage less than 65 percent. A plan is in the Yellow Zone (Endangered) if it has a current funded percentage of less than 80 percent or projects a credit balance deficit within seven years. A plan is in the Green Zone (Healthy) if it has a current funded percentage greater than 80 percent and does not have a projected credit balance deficit within seven years. The zone status is based on the plan&amp;#8217;s year-end
 not our fiscal year-end. The zone status is based on information that we received from the plan and is certified by the plan&amp;#8217;s actuary. During calendar year 2018
 the Bakery and Confectionery Union Fund was in Red Zone status
 as the current funding status was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent. A funding improvement plan
 or rehabilitation plan


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$37.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. For information on our defined benefit plans


 Plant
 and Equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Property
 plant
 and equipment is recognized at cost and is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery and equipment
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for capitalized software costs
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings
 fixtures
 and improvements).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We lease certain land
 buildings
 and equipment for varying periods of time
 with renewal options. Rent expense in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$99.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$95.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$101.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our minimum operating lease obligations were as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$36.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$30.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In accordance with FASB ASC 360
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 long-lived assets
 other than goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future net undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by such assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its estimated fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of by sale are recognized as held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Furthermore
 determining fair value is subject to estimates of both cash flows and discount rates
 and different estimates could yield different results. There are no events or changes in circumstances of which we are aware of that indicate the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30


 2019 and 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:51%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;First Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Second Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Third Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fourth Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
902.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
021.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
011.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
902.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;678.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;771.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;773.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;692.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;188.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Earnings per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income &amp;#8211; Assuming Dilution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividends Declared per Common Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:51%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;First Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Second Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Third Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fourth Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
748.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
923.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
903.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
781.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;662.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;755.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;728.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;690.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;194.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;831.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;185.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Earnings per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income &amp;#8211; Assuming Dilution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividends Declared per Common Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Annual net income per common share may not equal the sum of the individual quarters due to differences in the average number of shares outstanding during the respective periods


 we extend credit to customers. Trade receivables
 less allowances
 reflects the net realizable value of receivables and approximates fair value. We evaluate our trade receivables and establish an allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of factors. When aware that a specific customer has been impacted by circumstances such as bankruptcy filings or deterioration in the customer&amp;#8217;s operating results or financial position
 potentially making it unable to meet its financial obligations
 we record a specific reserve for bad debt to reduce the related receivable to the amount we reasonably believe is collectible. We also record reserves for bad debt for all other customers based on a variety of factors
 including the length of time the receivables are past due
 historical collection experience
 and an evaluation of current and projected economic conditions at the balance sheet date. Trade receivables are charged off against the allowance after we determine that the potential for recovery is remote. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the allowance for doubtful accounts was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 which are comprised primarily of internal salaries and wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include the depreciation and maintenance of research facilities. Total R&amp;amp;D expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$56.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$56.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$58.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 retention bonuses
 and relocation costs. Severance costs and retention bonuses are recognized over the estimated future service period of the affected employees
 and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Other transition and termination costs include fixed asset-related charges
 contract and lease termination costs
 professional fees
 and other miscellaneous expenditures associated with the integration or restructuring activities
 which are expensed as incurred. These integration and restructuring costs are not allocated to segment profit
 and the majority of these costs are reported in other special project costs in the Statements of Consolidated Income. The obligation related to employee separation costs is included in other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Integration Costs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#5b9a04;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total integration costs related to the acquisition of Ainsworth are anticipated to be approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$50.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the majority of which are expected to be cash charges. Of the total anticipated integration costs
 we expect approximately half to be employee-related. All remaining integration costs are expected to be incurred by the end of 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our integration costs incurred related to the Ainsworth acquisition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:74%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total Costs &lt;br clear=none/&gt;Incurred to Date &lt;br clear=none/&gt;at April 30
 2019 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employee-related costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other transition and termination costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total integration costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Noncash charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were included in the integration costs incurred during 2019
 which primarily consisted of accelerated depreciation
 and also represents the cumulative noncash charges incurred to date. The obligation related to severance costs and retention bonuses was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at April 30
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All integration activities related to the acquisition of Big Heart were complete as of April 30
 2018
 and as a result
 we did &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;t incur any integration costs during 2019. During 2018 and 2017
 we incurred total integration costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$64.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Noncash charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were included in the total integration costs incurred in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and primarily consisted of share-based compensation and accelerated depreciation. The obligation related to severance costs and retention bonuses was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at April&amp;#160;30
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and was fully satisfied at April 30
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Restructuring Costs: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;An organization optimization program was approved by the Board during the fourth quarter of 2016. Under this program
 we identified opportunities to reduce costs and optimize the organization. Related projects included an organizational redesign and the optimization of our manufacturing footprint. The program was expanded at the end of 2018 to include the restructuring of our geographic footprint
 which includes the centralization of our pet food and pet snacks business
 as well as certain international non-manufacturing functions
 to our corporate headquarters in Orrville
 Ohio
 furthering collaboration and enhanced agility
 while improving cost efficiency. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The organization optimization program was completed during 2019
 and as a result
 we closed our international offices in China and Mexico
 as well as the San Francisco and Burbank
 California
 offices. Furthermore
 all coffee production at our Harahan
 Louisiana
 facility was consolidated into one of our coffee facilities in New Orleans
 Louisiana
 during 2018. The program resulted in total headcount reductions of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; full-time positions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our final restructuring costs incurred related to the organization optimization program. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:60%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total Costs &lt;br clear=none/&gt;Incurred to Date &lt;br clear=none/&gt;at April 30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employee-related costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other transition and termination costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total restructuring costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Noncash charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were included in the restructuring costs incurred during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Noncash charges included in total restructuring costs incurred to date were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and primarily consisted of accelerated depreciation. The obligation related to severance costs and retention bonuses was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 which typically takes place upon delivery to or pick up by the customer. Amounts due from our customers are classified as trade receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and require payment on a short-term basis.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Transaction price is based on the list price included in our published price list
 which is then reduced by the estimated impact of variable consideration
 such as trade marketing and merchandising programs
 discounts
 unsaleable product allowances
 returns
 and similar items
 in the same period that the revenue is recognized. To estimate the impact of these costs
 we consider customer contract provisions
 historical data
 and our current expectations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our trade marketing and merchandising programs consist of various promotional activities conducted through retail trade
 distributors
 or directly with consumers
 including in-store display and product placement programs
 feature price discounts
 coupons
 and other similar activities. We regularly review and revise
 when we deem necessary
 estimates of costs for these promotional programs based on estimates of what will be redeemed by retail trade
 distributors
 or consumers. These estimates are made using various techniques
 including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. Differences between estimated expenditures and actual performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 subsequent period adjustments were less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of both consolidated pre-tax income and cash provided by operating activities. Total promotional expenditures
 including amounts classified as a reduction of sales
 represented &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of net sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The possibility exists that reported results could be different if factors such as the level and success of the promotional programs or other conditions differ from expectations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For revenue disaggregated by reportable segment
 geographical region
 and product category


 including the reclassification adjustments for items that are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income
 are shown below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=20 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:35%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Currency&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Translation&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net Gains (Losses)&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&amp;#160;on Cash&amp;#160;Flow&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Hedging&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Derivatives &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension&lt;br clear=none/&gt;and Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Postretirement&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;&amp;#160;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Unrealized&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Gain (Loss) on&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Available-for-Sale&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Other&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Comprehensive&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Income (Loss)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at May&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(134.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(148.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassification adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current period credit (charge)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax benefit (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(43.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(143.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassification adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current period credit (charge)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax benefit (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassification of stranded tax effects &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(101.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(116.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassification adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current period credit (charge)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(86.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax benefit (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(35.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(110.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(181.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;The reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense was related to terminated interest rate contracts. The current period charge in 2019 relates to the unrealized losses on the interest rate contracts entered into in November 2018 and June 2018. The prior year credit relates to the gain on the interest rate contract terminated in 2018. For additional information

 we adopted ASU 2018-02
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Income Statement &amp;#8211; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income


 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed-income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bonds &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(D)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;220.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;220.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(E)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other types of investments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(F)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial assets measured at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;412.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;470.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial assets measured at net asset value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(G)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;480.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Active&amp;#160;Markets&amp;#160;for&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Identical&amp;#160;Assets&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Observable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Significant&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Unobservable&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Plan Assets At April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;94.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed-income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bonds &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(D)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(E)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other types of investments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(F)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial assets measured at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;456.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;488.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total financial assets measured at net asset value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#160;(G)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;497.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:6pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category includes money market holdings with maturities of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;three months or less&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; and are classified as Level 1 assets. Based on the short-term nature of these assets

 but may also invest in emerging markets. The Level 1 assets are valued using quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets. The Level 2 asset is comprised of a pooled fund that consists of equity securities traded on active exchanges.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(D)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category is primarily comprised of bond funds
 which seek to duplicate the return characteristics of high-quality U.S. and foreign corporate bonds with a duration range of 10 to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;13 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;
 as well as various U.S. Treasury Separate Trading of Registered Interest and Principal holdings
 with wide-ranging maturity dates. The Level 1 assets are valued using quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(E)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category is comprised of fixed-income funds that invest primarily in government-related bonds of non-U.S. issuers and include investments in the Canadian
 as well as emerging markets. The Level 1 assets are valued using quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(F)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category is comprised of a real estate fund whereby the underlying investments are contained in the Canadian market
 a common collective trust fund investing in direct commercial property funds
 and a private limited investment partnership in 2018. The real estate fund and the collective trust fund investing in direct commercial property are classified as a Level 2 asset
 whereby the underlying securities are valued utilizing quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets and based on the quoted market prices of the underlying investments in the common collective trust
 respectively. The private investment limited partnership in 2018 is classified as a Level 3 asset. The investments in this partnership were valued at estimated fair value based on audited financial statements received from the general partner. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(G)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;This category is comprised of a private equity fund that consists primarily of limited partnership interests in corporate finance and venture capital funds
 as well as a private limited investment partnership. The fair value estimates of the private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are based on the underlying funds&amp;#8217; net asset values further as a practical expedient equivalent to the Company&amp;#8217;s defined benefit plan&amp;#8217;s ownership interest in partners&amp;#8217; capital
 whereby a proportionate share of the net assets is attributed and further corroborated by our review. The private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are non-redeemable
 and the return of principal is based on the liquidation of the underlying assets. In accordance with ASU 2015-07




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Share-based compensation expense included in SD&amp;amp;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Share-based compensation expense (benefit) included in other special project costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total share-based compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related income tax benefit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;During 2017
 we concluded that a portion of the performance objectives were unachievable
 and therefore reversed the life-to-date compensation cost recognized. For additional information




 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Principal&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying Amount &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Principal&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Amount &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(A)&amp;#160;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.20% Senior Notes due December 6
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;299.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;298.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.50% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;499.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;497.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.50% Senior Notes due October&amp;#160;15
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;750.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;768.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;750.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;775.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.00% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;398.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;397.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.50% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;995.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;994.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.38% Senior Notes due December 15
 2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;496.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;495.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.25% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;650.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;643.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;650.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;643.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.38% Senior Notes due March&amp;#160;15
 2045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;600.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;586.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;600.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;585.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term Loan Credit Agreement due May 14
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;800.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;799.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
484.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
700.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
688.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;800.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;798.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt
 less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
700.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
686.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
700.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
688.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Represents the carrying amount included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 which includes the impact of capitalized debt issuance costs
 terminated interest rate contracts


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
428.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
393.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
562.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
506.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Post-employment and other employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax credit and loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hedging transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets
 less allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;163.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
398.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1

	

 which is included in the consolidated information presented on pages 58 and 59.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Defined&amp;#160;Benefit&amp;#160;Pension&amp;#160;Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&amp;#160;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April&amp;#160;30




 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Current&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Current&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Noncurrent&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Noncurrent&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total derivative not designated as hedging instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total derivative instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;514.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
338.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;592.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less: Net income allocated to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income allocated to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;511.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1






&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Primary Reportable Segment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
479.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
469.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
492.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dog food &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
313.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;756.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;718.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pet snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;815.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;767.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;770.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cat food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;812.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;702.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;704.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Peanut butter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;756.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;745.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;718.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fruit spreads&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;341.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;353.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;348.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen handheld&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;289.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;254.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;226.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shortening and oils&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;253.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;258.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;307.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Baking mixes and ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;185.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;437.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;484.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Portion control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;151.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Juices and beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;140.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;305.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;310.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;323.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
838.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
357.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
090.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
599.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
969.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;417.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
077.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Impairment charge &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
090.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
600.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
824.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;426.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
942.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;617.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;617.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Divestiture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Impairment charge &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
090.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
358.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
442.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;419.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
310.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;The amounts reflected in this table represent the accumulated goodwill impairment charges








 before income taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:57%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Defined&amp;#160;Benefit&amp;#160;Pension&amp;#160;Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&amp;#160;Benefits&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;April 30




 2019 and 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:51%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;First Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Second Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Third Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fourth Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
902.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
021.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
011.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
902.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;678.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;771.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;773.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;692.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;188.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Earnings per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income &amp;#8211; Assuming Dilution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividends Declared per Common Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:51%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;First Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Second Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Third Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fourth Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
748.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
923.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
903.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
781.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;662.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;755.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;728.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;690.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;194.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;831.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;185.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Earnings per Common Share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income &amp;#8211; Assuming Dilution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividends Declared per Common Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Annual net income per common share may not equal the sum of the individual quarters due to differences in the average number of shares outstanding during the respective periods


 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;617.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
260.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
133.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities assumed: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other noncurrent liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total liabilities assumed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;228.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
298.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
786.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
865.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;421.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;431.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;414.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;112.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;540.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;570.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;527.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
838.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
357.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
392.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
338.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
828.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
214.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;362.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;428.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;380.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;373.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;473.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;425.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
711.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
301.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
639.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-lived assets (excluding goodwill and other intangible assets):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
037.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
869.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
757.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-lived assets (excluding goodwill and other intangible assets)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
056.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
887.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
122.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
086.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
102.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
761.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
985.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
072.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
879.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
165.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
131.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
074.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
119.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
085.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
838.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
357.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
392.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Segment profit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;612.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;679.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;406.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;475.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;457.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;503.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;439.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;479.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total segment profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
784.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
727.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
806.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(240.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(206.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(207.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill impairment charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other intangible assets impairment charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(107.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(133.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest expense &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(207.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(174.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(163.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unallocated derivative gains (losses) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(54.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of products sold &amp;#8211; special project costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other special project costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(64.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(76.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(292.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(287.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(313.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other income (expense) &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;701.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;861.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;878.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
771.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
815.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
909.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
850.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
217.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
157.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
847.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
932.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
232.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
019.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
043.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
053.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unallocated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;292.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;286.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
711.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
301.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
639.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation
 amortization
 and impairment charges:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;314.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;280.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unallocated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total depreciation
 amortization
 and impairment charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;651.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;590.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;552.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;136.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;359.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;321.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;192.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Special project costs include integration and restructuring costs. For more information



 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;823
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercisable at April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquired businesses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Decreases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement with tax authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expiration of statute of limitations periods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at April&amp;#160;30


 U.S. Retail Consumer Foods
 U.S. Retail Pet Foods
 and International and Away From Home. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The U.S. Retail Coffee segment primarily includes the domestic sales of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Folgers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Dunkin&amp;#8217; Donuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Caf&amp;#233; Bustelo&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; branded coffee; the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment primarily includes domestic sales of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Smucker&amp;#8217;s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Jif &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Crisco &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;branded products; and the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment primarily includes domestic sales of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Rachael Ray Nutrish
 Meow Mix&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Milk-Bone&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Natural Balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Kibbles &amp;#8217;n Bits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; 9Lives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; Nature&amp;#8217;s Recipe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Pup-Peroni &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;branded products. The International and Away From Home segment comprises products distributed domestically and in foreign countries through retail channels and foodservice distributors and operators (e.g.
 restaurants
 lodging
 schools and universities
 health care operators).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Effective May 1
 2018
 the convenience store channel
 which was previously included in the U.S. retail segments
 is now included in the International and Away From Home segment. Segment performance for 2018 and 2017 has been reclassified for this realignment. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Segment profit represents net sales
 less direct and allocable operating expenses
 and is consistent with the way in which we manage our segments. However
 we do not represent that the segments
 if operated independently
 would report operating profit equal to the segment profit set forth below
 as segment profit excludes certain expenses such as corporate administrative expenses
 unallocated gains and losses on commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative activities
 as well as amortization expense and impairment charges related to intangible assets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative gains and losses are reported in unallocated derivative gains and losses outside of segment operating results until the related inventory is sold. At that time
 we reclassify the hedge gains and losses from unallocated derivative gains and losses to segment profit
 allowing our segments to realize the economic effect of the hedge without experiencing any mark-to-market volatility. We would expect that any gain or loss in the estimated fair value of the derivatives would generally be offset by a change in the estimated fair value of the underlying exposures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:65%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
122.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
086.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
102.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
761.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
985.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
072.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
879.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
165.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
131.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
074.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
119.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
085.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
838.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
357.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
392.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Segment profit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;612.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;679.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;406.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;475.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;457.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;503.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;439.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;479.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total segment profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
784.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
727.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
806.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(240.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(206.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(207.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill impairment charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other intangible assets impairment charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(107.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(133.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest expense &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(207.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(174.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(163.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unallocated derivative gains (losses) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(54.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of products sold &amp;#8211; special project costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other special project costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(64.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(76.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(292.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(287.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(313.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other income (expense) &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;701.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;861.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;878.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
771.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
815.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
909.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
850.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
217.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
157.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
847.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
932.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
232.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
019.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
043.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
053.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unallocated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(B)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;292.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;286.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
711.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
301.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
639.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation
 amortization
 and impairment charges:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;314.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;280.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unallocated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(C)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total depreciation
 amortization
 and impairment charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;651.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;590.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;552.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;136.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;359.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;321.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;192.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Special project costs include integration and restructuring costs. For more information

 mainly depreciation and software amortization.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents certain geographical information.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:65%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
298.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
786.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
865.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;421.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;431.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;414.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;112.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;540.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;570.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;527.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
838.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
357.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
392.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
338.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
828.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
214.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;362.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;428.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;380.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;373.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;473.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;425.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
711.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
301.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
639.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-lived assets (excluding goodwill and other intangible assets):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
037.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
869.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
757.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total international&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-lived assets (excluding goodwill and other intangible assets)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
056.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
887.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
770.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents product category information.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90069513406156%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:34%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Primary Reportable Segment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
479.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
469.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
492.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Coffee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dog food &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
313.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;756.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;718.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pet snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;815.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;767.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;770.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cat food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;812.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;702.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;704.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Pet Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Peanut butter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;756.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;745.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;718.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fruit spreads&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;341.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;353.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;348.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen handheld&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;289.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;254.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;226.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shortening and oils&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;253.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;258.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;307.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Baking mixes and ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;185.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;437.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;484.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Portion control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;151.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Juices and beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;140.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail Consumer Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;305.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;310.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;323.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International and Away From Home&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
838.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
357.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
392.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; The primary reportable segment generally represents at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;75 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt; of total net sales for each respective product category.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales to Walmart Inc. and subsidiaries amounted to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of net sales in 2019
 2018
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. These sales are primarily included in our U.S. retail market segments. No other customer exceeded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10 percent of net sales for any year. Trade receivables at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 included amounts due from Walmart Inc. and subsidiaries of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$137.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$123.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 excluding stock options
 is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
 which includes a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year performance period plus the defined forfeiture period. Compensation expense related to stock options is recognized ratably over the service period for each vesting tranche from the grant date through the end of the requisite service period if it is probable that the performance criteria will be met. The stock options vest over a period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 dependent on continued service of the option holder
 as well as the achievement of the performance objectives established on the grant date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes amounts related to share-based payments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:71%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended April 30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Share-based compensation expense included in SD&amp;amp;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Share-based compensation expense (benefit) included in other special project costs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total share-based compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#d3d3d3;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related income tax benefit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(A)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;During 2017
 we concluded that a portion of the performance objectives were unachievable
 and therefore reversed the life-to-date compensation cost recognized. For additional information
 see Note 12: Share-Based Payments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 total unrecognized share-based compensation cost related to nonvested share-based awards was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The weighted-average period over which this amount is expected to be recognized is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Realized excess tax benefits are presented in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows as an operating activity and are recognized within income taxes in the Statements of Consolidated Income. For &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the excess tax benefits realized upon exercise or vesting of share-based compensation were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. For further discussion on share-based compensation expense


 distribution
 and administrative (&amp;#8220;SD&amp;amp;A&amp;#8221;) expenses and primarily relate to the warehousing costs incurred to store our products. Total distribution costs recorded within SD&amp;amp;A were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$266.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$245.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$252.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;



 or the adoption of amended Articles
 other than the adoption of any amendment or amended Articles that increases the number of votes to which holders of our common shares are entitled or expands the matters to which time-phased voting applies;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;any proposal or other action to be taken by our shareholders relating to any successor plan to the Rights Agreement
 dated as of May 20
 2009
 between the Company and Computershare Trust Company
 N.A.;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;any matter relating to any stock option plan
 stock purchase plan
 executive compensation plan
 executive benefit plan
 or other similar plan
 arrangement
 or agreement;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;the adoption of any agreement or plan of or for the merger
 consolidation
 or majority share acquisition of us or any of our subsidiaries with or into any other person
 whether domestic or foreign
 corporate or noncorporate
 or the authorization of the lease
 sale
 exchange
 transfer
 or other disposition of all
 or substantially all
 of our assets;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;any matter submitted to our shareholders pursuant to Article Fifth (which relates to procedures applicable to certain business combinations) or Article Seventh (which relates to procedures applicable to certain proposed acquisitions of specified percentages of our outstanding common shares) of the Articles
 as they may be further amended
 or any issuance of our common shares for which shareholder approval is required by applicable stock exchange rules; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;any matter relating to the issuance of our common shares or the repurchase of our common shares that the Board determines is required or appropriate to be submitted to our shareholders under the Ohio Revised Code or applicable stock exchange rules.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On the matters listed above

 the new owner of that common share will be entitled to only &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; vote with respect to that share on all matters until &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;four years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pass without a further change in beneficial ownership of the share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Repurchase Programs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; During both &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and 2018
 we did &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;t repurchase any common shares under a repurchase plan authorized by the Board. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April&amp;#160;30
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 among others: estimates of future cash flows associated with assets
 potential asset impairments
 useful lives and residual values of long-lived assets used in determining depreciation and amortization
 net realizable value of inventories
 accruals for trade marketing and merchandising programs
 income taxes

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 the income approach
 and observable Level 2 market expectations at the measurement date to convert future amounts to a single discounted present value. Level 2 inputs for the valuation of the interest rate contracts are limited to prices that are observable for the asset or liability. For additional information


 which includes the impact of capitalized debt issuance costs
 terminated interest rate contracts



		








		

 which seek to duplicate the return characteristics of high-quality U.S. and foreign corporate bonds with a duration range of 10 to 13 years
 as well as various U.S. Treasury Separate Trading of Registered Interest and Principal holdings


 as well as a private limited investment partnership. The fair value estimates of the private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are based on the underlying funds&#8217; net asset values further as a practical expedient equivalent to the Company&#8217;s defined benefit plan&#8217;s ownership interest in partners&#8217; capital
 whereby a proportionate share of the net assets is attributed and further corroborated by our review. The private equity fund and private limited investment partnership are non-redeemable
 and the return of principal is based on the liquidation of the underlying assets. In accordance with ASU 2015-07




 municipal obligations valued by a third-party using valuation techniques that utilize inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
 and money market funds with maturities of three months or less. Based on the short-term nature of these money market funds
 carrying value approximates fair value. As of April&#160;30
 2019
 our municipal obligations are scheduled to mature as follows: $0.4 in 2020
 $1.0 in 2021
 $0.5 in 2022
 $1.5 in 2023
 and the remaining $28.3 in 2024 and beyond. For additional information


 we concluded that a portion of the performance objectives were unachievable
 and therefore reversed the life-to-date compensation cost recognized. For additional information






 a common collective trust fund investing in direct commercial property funds
 and a private limited investment partnership in 2018. The real estate fund and the collective trust fund investing in direct commercial property are classified as a Level 2 asset
 whereby the underlying securities are valued utilizing quoted market prices for identical securities in active markets and based on the quoted market prices of the underlying investments in the common collective trust






 we elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2018-02
 Income Statement &#8211; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income


 we adopted ASU 2018-02
 Income Statement &#8211; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

		
		
		











































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    








    
    








    
    




    
    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed




 plant


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant



    
    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    


    
    


    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups


 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



    

 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    
    



 Not Discontinued Operation


 Not Discontinued Operation



    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    








    
    


    
    


    

 Net

    


    
    
    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate


 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate












 Net



    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






























    
    


    








    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Deferred Taxes
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2017


 Deferred Taxes
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2017



    

 Transition Tax
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2017


 Transition Tax
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2017



    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Impairment Losses



    

 Disposition of Business



    

 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    






    

 Other Adjustments



    


    




    


    
    


    




    







 Net



    




    

 Finished Goods and Work in Process



    

 Raw Materials



    




    




    





 Plant


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    




    




    





 Plant


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 Plant


 Plant and Equipment



    




    


    




    

 Miscellaneous



    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    




    




    










    

 Defined Benefit Pension Plan



    

 Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plan



    


    




    




    
    


    
    



000


 Value




000
000 shares; outstanding &#8211; 113
742
296 at April 30
 2019
 and 113
572
840 at April 30
 2018 (net of 32
755
434 and 32
924
890 treasury shares
 respectively)


 Value



    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost




 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost


 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost


 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost




 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost


 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost


 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    


    




    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    





 Shares



    
    


    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Value
 Acquired






 Shares



    

 Value
 Share-based Compensation






 Shares
 Share-based Compensation



    

 Common Stock



    




    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Grants in Period

    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Gain (Loss)



    

 Gain (Loss)



    

 Income Taxes



    




    




    

 Income Taxes



    




    




    




    
    


    




    




    




    



 amortization
 and impairment charges
 and property
 plant





    




    
    


    
    


    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    




    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures







    


    
    


    
    
    










    
    




    
    


    




    




    




    




    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    
    


    

 Securities
 Available-for-sale
 Adjustment



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
















    
    


    
    


    

 Work in Process



    




    
    














    
    




    
    












    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    











 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    



 fixtures

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    



 Options


 Options




 2018


 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options




 2019




 2019


 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding




 2018


 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Exercises in Period


 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures in Period




 2019




 2019


 Options
 Exercisable



    


    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI



    


    


    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Settlement Gain (Loss) Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    


    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    








    
    








    

 Measurements



    
    


    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    








    




    




    

 at Fair Value



    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Impaired


 Impaired



    
    






    




    




    




    








    


    
    


    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping



    


    

 Fair Value



    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    








    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    




    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    

 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    




    

 Pension Plan with Projected Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Pension Plan with Projected Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    
    


    
    


    


    
    



 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information



    

 Pro Forma Information



    




    




    
    



 impairment charges

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    

 Nonpension Benefits



    




    




    




    





 Plant


 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    



 Plan Assets


 Plan Assets




 Plan Assets


 Plan Assets



    
    


    
    
    








    

 Expected Amortization of Gain (Loss)



    

 Expected Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)



    

 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation



    

 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed



    










    
    




    
    
    


    

 Expected Future Employer Contributions



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    
    
    


    




    
    



    
    
    





 Dividends
 Per Share



    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense





    


    
    


    


    




    








    
    


    

 Interest Rate



    
    


    














    
    














    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    



 Unused Borrowing Capacity


 Unused Borrowing Capacity



    





 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period


 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period



    
    


    

 Weighted Average Interest Rate











    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    




    
    





 Borrowing Capacity

    




    


    

 Weighted Average Interest Rate



    

 Including Capitalized Interest



    

 Stock Options




 deferred shares
 deferred stock units

    
    


    
    
    








    




    


    
    


    
    

 equity method income or loss
 income taxes



    
    


    


    


    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    



 amortization

    
    



 plant


 Plant



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operations



    








    


    
    
    


    
    



 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete


 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete



    

 Goodwill









    
    


    


    

 before Tax



    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 before Tax






 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges
 Net of Tax






 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Tax and Reclassification Adjustment






 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment
 Net of Tax



    


    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)



    

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)



    




    




    


    
    


    


    
























    
    


    
    


    
    






























    
    

 impairment charges







    


    


    


    
    


    
    

 convertible securities
 stock right



    
    

 convertible securities
 stock rights



    
    


    


    
    


    

 Plan Assets



    






    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss



    




    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    




























    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    
    







 plant




 plant


 Plant



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    


    


    


    
    


    




    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Options
 Exercisable




 Options



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    
    


    
    


    




    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Not yet Recognized



    
    


    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period







    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    


    


    




    




    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    


    

 Plan Assets



    


    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    




    


    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    


    



 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period



    

 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion




 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges


 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges



    
    



 no par value






 no par value






 no par value






 no par value









    


    
    


    
    



 distribution





    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Current Period
 before Tax



    

 before Tax



    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    





 plant


 Property



    




    




    
    


    

 Tax Deferred Expense



    


    




    





 plant


 Property



    




    




    




    










    




    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    




    
    
    


    


    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Assets

    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    











 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    







 Fair Value






 Fair Value



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 chart-148ef18824825e87851.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



MQ7X8\5:+JNA:SK&B:SX?\0:9J&G:E.DLJ0^LT %%)D#U_(_X4M !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

MM\

MD/Q'\&^.K'PYK/@GQ_IW@6Z\3P1_K%29&







M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



M!X$^%_B!_%WPST'PWXHB-CK6DS^!/%Q@\6Z#XF%W/XS;Q58:7XBU?Q)JNKZ9






MM+QU2#4K:TN7A:WO8)(K@0B*4







MA7ICCLY_
N[FP3]
* BBB@ HHHH *\+U?\ :1^#^A_$P?6^\43'QC'?:/H
MVJ)9:!XCU/0?#GB+Q)+X3C\


MIVI?$#X7:9X)UCQ]X6M_M/\ :7AC3?B-!KUSX)N]1$EO';^7XB@\


1/AUJ6N)I6IWMWX?&M:;=7L$1W!/AG5/@+^T5K?P=\


'[*?[4WP\\=_'7X
KZ/K?ACP+^T#^T)X'\3_O0_$6FZAH&LZAX7^'O[-'P3^#^K^.K_PUJL5G






M=9)Y/+1W*1*[!$=B JDCS[XH_%_P%\'-&L]=\?:M/I5CJ-ZVG:=]FTO4]5FO

@BOSD^$W[%GQRT'XF^$_B!XC\0^%


^
M

M*<K 9I4HR$9H S_ (

\0?#3PGX=\(PB
MRM-(NM
UG4;?5=9U.]@U?3(;J.XCTV*\T^TC:&\:YM0FR\5VM26Y8H/LKX0_

=N^I_8;7^T'MX2YA@:]\K[4T
1DD

MEV(7?:HWMD \KTO5/$'Q
^ MMJME+J&B^+?&/PQ
\$]H;C0]1TOQ/J?AUU$E
MJ7


M:7^T':^$+?4?$EYX9?PKJ&IW0NM/TVVUYO+35;2WN;%#=SQ16V9K2TN5G:
M.Y 
)3R
OO7?^!?P#\+_  $T76-&\



NE6DUW
M9/!?S'[;-\'^-_\ @H'\:?/B3]KK3;K2?#VES:3\;?^=WP._9PT+6?#6H&

MPL]


M_$#PB[
W7: NLDEL=AS2)\=?@C(2$^

MJZ]48$
 0: /5**\$UO]JC]F?PVXC\0?M!_!312SB(-JGQ0\%V
9F(=A )I]

^GVGGQVQFN/C?\.5

:C8FZ
M-B+NW-ZL?G-::(W2PD@9K;?YZPY(_?&
18(._!!K\.OC!_P4__ &SY?AA\

M_KGA[0I1#JMU;6
ZZAK$EE-I%M8JTJ7+_P J4/[+WP^TSXZ2?M8:1XI^.C?M

MSZW;Z9

S:?
M!XATN25#F*/5--LGDP0@8@@ 'V#17EOPI^
?@3XSZ'J'B+P'J-QJ&F:;J\^B
MW
EW8SZ=/]K@M+.]+I:W(6X-M)!?0F&=HT61EE4#


DKZ7#K=O
M%#I\B21W\EQ:[X((O*D


\0O+XBU#7+.72M/N;VL8=1M;!9[)5N
MII7G_P!-M9[L3.!2;EE\H









'
M]!6M@'J
T ?


M#B

M0V%7P+H/B$





M_M:ZE


2$_,L5QYX<5Z#7Y<?

M&B^%]




MAL;'35L;C^T/ =




M4ZYHFL7NF^'[G3].:/4KJ+5KFT:+398=0.;*6*=P!OP:^!_AWX.M\1]8L]0U
M/Q)XW^






-&83.CQ  ^CZ*

M0D$/((QYS9?!?[2NLA3J?QX\!^&R03-;^ /@F&N8!D#$.H^._B'XPBD;Y5*O
M+H07YY5


MX37_ 

(LC&<MG:DH8@PRA/A;PY^TQ\.!=O!^S=_P2L_:U\;W*HAT
M[7_^&6/AC^RSH5PRJOE7%QKG[67C/X^(4@9-K_:H_#U]<-N#&1R^/2$^)_
M_!4SQY8_\4?^R5^RC\!(X6*^^.?[5GC3XE^([:!\A7G^'OP&^!J^&9IH!@R
MVT'QJ2)F'E17Q5OM 'T_P#\-$/?RM%X7^!G[0WBC(;RIC\-5\#6KG!V,;CX
MJZYX#*([#&370$


WA72&A&2!)/
M8_#W1?B?+@ JWE17+
V)5#J5B:;YHD^ '_!2+QW+:W'C_P#;]^&GPIM)% OM
M'_9:_8Y\

ESX+_ &5D_9Y\(3VY
M+'-G/HTUH5S$T30LT; 'JWCOXF?&7X?:5-XB^+'Q;_9 _9]\+@_O-:\;ZGXH
MUFSM$+J

7Q7??\%OV9;O5I=!M?^E
MDGQ?UIB8F\
_L1? BW^/.I23*#_H\*_!_P''[2^J03R.H
VH0@!GWND;!X

MDV_B_P 92SON)DFDUQY93AI'8@$?;FGZ7IVDV=MIVEV-KIFGV42P6EAIUO%8





M:TU:S
]?/V
MT:EHEVMM;G[-I\D;*XC_8NB@#\==._X)D_&V69Y];_;,\+Z*TR2R3P_C_@

MK.;:;5OVWOVN)KNWBPLWACPM^PW\

M-$Q_LNYM[DO=/^KN?\]?Y49 &3P
9)/&![YZ?C0!^7_\$E?V?M3WKXY^+O[
M9WQ%@E,,4]GXB_;^-NB65SIL3!SI-S:?#CQ#X@FLY9MTL]PZ'5IBQB?4_L
MZ10QW9_^.O_  3XU';_ 
))\&?%GCM5
.^#XF?M$_M.?$RSN$M8A#8PWFG^

M:I9:-9V6CW



MIV]YXH%G%+!-(]K!=K#/J\3Q17M&BQ%0#]!M+\

MKIFDZ=IJ-.J*OVB06=M #
$15\YOW@10NX  #&D^)'P\BUS3_#3^./O_1:


MC';_ +
-D9Y2B([K_7-@=<?7W^OK^-<!%\+/ $/Q G^*4?AC3$\=W&E+H\OB 0

M*O /QX^




MHCD

M?W]HMNT=S$UZZDS_ &?\

M
=W))-\?/$.F_+KO[.'[0FF

M

M8HFQ5A\$?M;V/[1OA2WMB H-G9Z9:6T:HJVR08!JM_PI3_@IM\/8[N7P'^VS

MLRJI:4 ?4!_:@^'-E'YGB+1/C#X2 5R[^)?@-\9;&UB



M]J;_ ();?M':A#I7A+XP_L:?$7Q5J-T]J/!VIZU\)T^(+7MZR V]UX%\6IIO

M%[Q+HSZE\'?!VFWOPZ\/W4&J/::KX4TF6[U?PQ]KF\&7L5SH^LCP_I-QH U2
1+*YOO
M@'X2^!^FS2LH,1GO/VE_BQ\&9[*W/FVAEFGT_?&ERQ6633M6AL #Z5
O[6N


M3?%%\0=/\#P



M''AZ5

^&GPTL)-2^('

DEQKNI:;;11+!:W
I=G51%;3R9V0R
M


_MC^
M
;&5A+% JIXC'P0TWPD@
TC0/-/X@AMX+BYM[J::WD2OO+PKX#\$^!;!-*





M#PGX!\-:)X


MMI!UFWECO)+72]6TFWNH5@U33XKG\\OB9XJ^ G[57A3]I+XZ?LH^.?#GQ/UO

_%?]IO


$[0SA;Q


W



NHP0OJ7B7XR_


M\//C%XUTA+N.[O(XKB7QQ+
9K5'M)(KN))%ZO]G3_@F_'XV\$ZW+^U]\4/V[

M-QP








MB!XG5B[H[7AU@R


F%;J





\9S^$?^$3.N%?)T*+6OM_]M#2@=WFZIIOV



MLOXA?#N#Q_\ #+Q!\-KC5I]
06. 2 <YX'_ &B_@O\ $CQ!%X6\$^.;+7M?FM+N^BTZ#3-=M9'M;!8V
MNYA-?Z5:6P$*RQDJ9@[;OD5L''2?$#XN_#?X5KIC?$'Q;IGA
MVTG5]*&F7FB:=8P





M_P!F7]K[QS\:OBQ+X1\3:)X9TO0[CPSK%YIR^'K35)9HM6TVXL)U6]U2\O[J





8:..


MB


MH: /Q+_X)^_\$-_V+?V5OV5?@+\)_C7^SK^SG^T+\;/ /@.RL?B)\5O'?PI\

M/^KOP^^ _P $?A-&D/PM^#WPL^&T

58



M\
;KQ%\1_#.M_#O1-'\6Z[HE[X#@UCQ\OAK0O'WA'5+7](:^&_CA^R)K7Q\^
M)O@?7?'?CSPYJ'P]^'GQ


MPJ_:O_9Z\!?LZ^*/AQ9^'K_2-8TSPKX0L?C1IFLW$OC/_A)+VVU0^+M-^./B



_A?5_#D]CI5BNO7-]H;W



M]H/B#6/$&DZ9KB:?I
$==F\9:KX5TFRN/#\,6D37EKI'A-W2[U;3M)2?6[V^W6H3WIO;N
MYE


+M%+VMV]S:L[^#Y8EF%PD<
9-I%9?H1I?_!+

/B*307@CLKH?LM_







MBBB@ HHHH *
?Y_S_GKZT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



KV




M+'Q&7Q[L5=6.LY_0B@#\?_\ @OM_RAS_ .@W_9O/B#_ -/GAVOU ^%'_),?
MAW_V(O@[_P!1K2Z_%S_@O#I7Q^C_ .3W_!0FYUKQU\(+GP2/@9XHE31M
^%

MC_DF/P[SU_X07P=_ZC6E_7^= 'H%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

MZG'/7 '4GL




M_&OQ
A\/^$- LOAM\+_B-\0/A1XWUFZ\=VUO\0OA9XQ^&FH^.M.UF+XR_#Z^

M:_:*\

MM9\


M)_P4(TBT\6^&;G5E^ 'B.U;3+?7](GU 747B'P];R6QLHKQ[H3QS@PO8A(D
MH,;*'&VOUI^%'_),?AW_ -B+X._]1K2Z /0**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I#
MGMQR.OID9_
9 ]#S2T4 ?E!XL_8/\9_&']HOQ1\7/'D'@;X87?BWX4^/?@G\

MQ'_9_P#V??V6?@Y\-M7\'Z=KUWX8^(OBK]D/]HKX7_M%?#+XA_$K2+FQT.]T
M+3CK?PBT_P -:1X*TJY\73^ -&^)OQ6DTGQ3K

M8U8%XUDW&
R*/F02!'
98 2!6*%MK8DW#GVQG@]^@'')]AD]..10!\L?LZ_
MC7?AIXS_ &D?B]XYOM'N/B+^TW\6=$^(_B/2/#=S?WWAOP9HW@KX3?#WX
^!

M$'\C@BEH _#K_@O1\(/A1IO_  21_P@_BG3_AG\/K'Q
?@/XFU/_A(;/P5

ML#I_P@O@[_U&M+K\O_\ @OM_RAS_ .@W_9O/B#_ -/GAVOU ^%'_),?AW_V
M(O@[_P!1K2Z /0**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M^\6^ ?CW\%-

















MQYI/PU\


MQ-XF /Z3L@]#TX/L?2BO@;]E?QYXK_X:2_;F_9_N]5USQ#\._@/X]^!LOPVU




_P#A
M?W_!:[_I';^Q'_XL4\<?_0?T?\+^_P"UW_2.W]B/_Q8IXX_^@_H _82BOQ\
M7X^_\%K2R*?^=_[$2!Y(X][?\%$O'3*OF.J!F$?['KR%5+ L$1W(!VHS84^
4T9

+^_PUW_2.W]B
M/_Q8IXX_^@_H_P%_?\ !:[_ *1V_L1_^+%/''_T'] '[45^/?_  O[_@M=






M5^/?__O^UW_2.W]B/_ 


MO[$?_BQ3QQ_]!_1_PO[_ (+7?]([?V(__%BGCC_Z#^@#]A**_'O_ (7]_P %

M[_X7]_P6N_Z1V_L1_P#BQ3QQ_P#0?T?\+^_X+7?]([?V(_\ Q8IXX_\ H/Z



M_P!L?_@JM\);?1O&WQT_8)_90\

_SX_G0 44@.1D=#








M%% !1110 5Y-#\'O#L'QOU'X\KJ&M'Q5J7PKT?X23:6TUE_PCZ:!HOC+7?&]
&;;3Y
M;..PU+5?$?PM\??:\M==2XLKFXGT^'0/B'J]];1V%QI]PNKVFFS2W$MG'<V





M&/#]AX5\.V-MY$BO:6NB^']

 29I)7H?##X5?#[X
^#;#





M/^

O#/


M&MI;IX8TOQGK5]XL/@32=0T/0+G4KS54@&FR:M=W-?7?A+X6?#OP)(DO@[P?

M_NC&AN+F4HI'84 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7%?$?QO8_#7P#XR^(&I:9XA




M&O[GP[X?U?4=*T=KD2QMKJ00*LBQR(]_A-\/9/BC;_ !I?PQ8GXHVG@RX^









MNM:#+JMI::O-H6MMJ6D2ZO:V^JR63:C#'=+ZG_G\^M !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 ?B[_P6;_:3?X:_LO?'SX=Z7J_QE\ZO#\!-7^(O_=_#GX9_&O




T:_0OCSP%X
^*'@

MS?X
(_#C^*__@/Q4NO:]\
M0(+OQ4=<BU'7-(^(MO8:WJ7@W-M]:_\ !-O7_B]XJ_8A_9Z\2?'%_$\OCW7/
M!U[J<4WCAI)/'=SX O/%7B*?X/7?CZ:X_P!-N/']W\'G\!W/CBXU(MJESXIE
MU6XU1WU&6Z=OHO1_@=\)M!^'G@_X3:9X$T#X9^ M
TK1?/@.6VDOOFB:-

M(# 
0& /CD$!@ P!Y .#@Y% 'V-29'J/S%?&D_Q^_:2$


MDX:7 ^6
C]SC;\N0=F5R* /[2J*^)-#^/\ ^TF^BZ0[?L5_$W42^E:;(;__
M (6_\! ;TO8V[F[*R^.1*IN23.5F595,A65$D#(NF?C]^TD 2/V'?B:Q )C


CU'?N.W7\N_I4-M)+-;023P/:32P1/

MOP-JUOK.GQ6FJ:AX:;Q+X:O]0T#7+-;

XR
CDC/



MX+^#OP]O]-U?]J;XM_LD^%O$^L?%?7[1+WQGX2_99M?VH_ /C[4K'2_AKJL4
M'@+Q/H%KK_ASQ#;:=J.H:]HNH?V%?Z
FOV-W?FRYOPK_ 

MA:X+4Q^-[2YMM/O])\'2:]0 _6:BOQB_:\_:E^*GCS]D7XT_$OX=:4/GPN
ML=9U/1O#'Q$\#?$/Q);_ !?T_P 8?!+]M;P/\$_$?AJZ\%^'] M=1G3QO#HW


#ZG(P.IS7R7^S[\?
'


MXE\&_$Z
^#M2MO!OB+7] ^*/A[Q3X?NM-DUJQM=4L_$'@;68X+_3]-US7?7M
M


**_(
MSX??\%'_ (D^*].^'



==O_ MXFH?9] !13)6
M=(Y'CC

]9T'4=6_

MO1+.[U2[M;:7_+@T/_@J9_P4CL?V@K+]I&P_;$_:.O\ XTMXMB\4+KD_Q.\8
MW]AJFJRW
9_L&Y\&C4SX1O?5XH30W\ #0/^$8?0RGAN'14L%BM$ /\ ;HHK
M\4OW_!07_@IQ?\ ACPW?ZS_ 
$/_P!HU]7O_#VA7^JFQ_:O_8;T:S_M*^TB





MQ9R2VL\EG
[VTDUM+
M);RO$TD+O$R
?R&^/?Q(^+OP8_:U36/C'H_Q5U']EKXE_&G]FSPO\)OVB?@3
M\3[]])_9S\:ZCJWPU\)#X!_M2? S^VM)S\+OC7\2YCO^-^B:1XY@M(OBSIOA
MCXAVW@71]!\-^)6 /V%R
XR

M[2/P[V:?I?B?0-$3X3:[;7G[85KXAN/!FI_$OQY\/M5TJ+3KGP[X.\+Z[$.E
H:Y<^*[K0K[2O$7@
M6[BO?%-B ?N&64=2!QGD@<=,\]LD#/O2U^0'[=*?'/6OVF/WP_^!FN?&E?&
M?B[]@;]LO7? N@?#CXS/\
_#6F_&WPG\1?V9O#WP;^)7BFSU[Q1I7@:]MO!%
O3-::KXY_93^#'PJ^(?Q8N!I<FC)X3\
Q^




M\$O$7@'PAJ47B[Q?X?\ ACXEU+P3XVU;Q'J'ASQ]KW[/OQ-^/!:2*3PI8:)I


M7X%:;X!N=0^)AT;7I=1NK_Q+X



M7_#3Q'XMN]4@\1^*U\%2?#GX:ZYJVI^-O'=_8Z3JEQ?S '['D@=3CZT YZ?Y



=&
MU[PYXDTL:MX33X)^)M7E^!4=KKOBWQKXOO\ 5_A[KG_9W]AX@LKRX /ND$


^*-]\(_V@_@Y:ZAJOVFZU+PG^SM:V?A;]

M-^K?LR_!7XV?%#6-9URZU7QIXN\._$KXJ:U\-]4UY_%6MW#:9!XMM(_#OC/Q


M]M@_M;^Q_M'V3^TOL._[1]B^T_N?/V;/
XSCFN)^-'B[Q=X&^&OB?Q1X'\+2

M/'7_  G7_T/^$JU/_A.O[3_ +:_X2?SE^UZV[F/LHTP6O^@G2O*_LO\

JI)YL1AN9OS3^



M;



MQ /W#) QD@9.!D@9/H
]31D9QD9]

M-4^!OPK\9:'K_P 8_ WPD^

MP7HUYJE_XC_9_P#&_P#85A\2K.XO?[+\56GB+3=TO4_@?XU?ME?M(?_P !

M0I:* &-&CJR
JLK*RL!@JP*L#[$$@^Q-?'3_P#!/G]C0N7_9U^'#&0N7SI

M?$MO\.O%EX+I]6\'0^



\1:)XB^'FF65P/#NK:+XJTR70]:T:[M[F[N+AM(F
MT*0:#::8ERECI.@PVFBZ/!I^EV5G:0?0=% 'F?AGX/?#?P=9^!]/\+^%K+0[
]6LK/5/#5]:6=O=:1J5K;W]G+'=P1S+Z710!XUX<_9
M]^#WA'5M=USPSX'TS0M5\4?%*;XU^);W3+G5[27Q#\5;GP])X3N?'.N+'J8B






MW;:=Y^S#\#I]=NO%\'PU\*'QG-\4]-^.T7B+4+34;^Y/QLT'P)_PK3P_\3;[

W$5[)X25M %S'9







MRRZ+(_C_ 




^GZ

\)^()_%O


L(_'6M11ZSXJ&K:JBW@YS2/V
?V9]!T.Z\.Z/\

M(OASJ=S;W&GZSX)U2YTJ;0-0D\








FG6;P^OT4 ?&%]_P3P_8HU'PSJ_@
(KKQ%X%AAO8O^%<WM_KFJZQJF
MII\/F\+VFJ7FMZ[+J5K='6]5%Y[_ .%/@M\+? WCSQM\3?/@G1/#WCOXC:7



;;2=%T_3]&TR&STNPL[2'O:** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

 'defref_sjm_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherSpecialProjectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsAndWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesExcludingDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDisclosures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNonpensionBenefitsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_RisksAndUncertaintiesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_IntegrationCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedInDeterminingNetPeriodicBenefitCostTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedInDeterminingBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsNetRealizedAndUnrealizedGainLossInCostOfProductsSoldTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ScheduleOfNetMarkToMarketValuationOfDerivativesRecognizedInUnallocatedDerivativeLossesGainsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_SummaryOfRestrictedSharesDeferredSharesDeferredStockUnitsAndPerformanceUnitsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValuesOfEquityAwardsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=sjm_SellingDistributionAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=sjm_OtherSpecialProjectCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AccountingPoliciesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_SubsequentPeriodAdjustmentsIncludedInConsolidatedPretaxIncomeAndCashProvidedByOperatingActivitiesPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PromotionalExpendituresAsPercentageOfNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NumberOfUnionContractsExpiringInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NumberOfFacilitiesCoveredByUnionContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentRealizedGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=sjm_SellingDistributionAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=sjm_CapitalizedSoftwareMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=sjm_CapitalizedSoftwareMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherCapitalizedPropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherCapitalizedPropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sjm_SeamildMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sjm_MountainCountryFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sjm_NumiInc.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_UnionizedEmployeesConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LaborForceConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=sjm_WorkInProcessInventoryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=sjm_AccountingStandardsUpdate201815Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AnticipatedImpactofStandardAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AnticipatedImpactofStandardAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AnticipatedImpactofStandardAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sjm_CustomerAndContractualRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sjm_CustomerAndContractualRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommercialPaper'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_Numberoffacilitiesacquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProvisionalInformationInitialAccountingIncompleteReasons'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodSeventeenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=sjm_OrganizationOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=sjm_OrganizationOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=sjm_OrganizationOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_RestructuringandRelatedCostNoncashChargeIncurredtoDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_RestructuringandRelatedCostIncurredNoncashCharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_BigHeartMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_RestructuringandRelatedCostIncurredNoncashCharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_BigHeartMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=sjm_OrganizationOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_RestructuringandRelatedCostNoncashChargeIncurredtoDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_RestructuringandRelatedCostIncurredNoncashCharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedNumberOfPositionsEliminated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=sjm_OrganizationOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=sjm_OrganizationOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostIncurredCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=sjm_U.S.BakingBusinessMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAnnualNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NetMarkToMarketValuationOfCertainDerivativePositionsRecognizedInUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_CostOfProductsSoldSpecialProjectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherSpecialProjectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DepreciationAmortizationAndImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailCoffeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_InternationalandAwayFromHomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_SegmentReportingInformationSegmentProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_SegmentReportingInformationSegmentProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DepreciationAmortizationAndImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_SegmentReportingInformationSegmentProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DepreciationAmortizationAndImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_SegmentReportingInformationSegmentProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DepreciationAmortizationAndImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_SegmentReportingInformationSegmentProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DepreciationAmortizationAndImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DepreciationAmortizationAndImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_LongLivedAssetsExcludingIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=sjm_InternationalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=sjm_AllOtherInternationalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_Percentofproductsalesattributabletoprimaryreportablesegment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailCoffeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailCoffeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_InternationalandAwayFromHomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_InternationalandAwayFromHomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_InternationalandAwayFromHomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NumberOfIndustriesInWhichCompanyOperates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=sjm_WalMartStoresInc.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=sjm_WalMartStoresInc.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailCoffeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_InternationalandAwayFromHomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AccumulatedAmortizationImpairmentChargesAndForeignCurrencyExchangeExpenseForFiniteLivedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TotalOtherIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortizationImpairmentChargesForeignCurrencyExchange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AccumulatedAmortizationImpairmentChargesAndForeignCurrencyExchangeExpenseForIndefiniteLivedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AccumulatedAmortizationImpairmentChargesAndForeignCurrencyExchangeExpenseForFiniteLivedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_PatentedTechnologyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AccumulatedAmortizationImpairmentChargesAndForeignCurrencyExchangeExpenseForFiniteLivedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AccumulatedAmortizationImpairmentChargesAndForeignCurrencyExchangeExpenseForFiniteLivedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sjm_CustomerAndContractualRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sjm_PatentsAndTechnologyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailPetFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sjm_U.S.RetailConsumerFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_CurrentPortionOfLongTermDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_TotalLongTermDebtLessCurrentPortionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodFifteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodTenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodSixteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodElevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodTwelveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodThirteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnsecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PercentageOfPrincipalAmountThereofAtWhichCompanyCanPrepay'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodSeventeenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnusedBorrowingCapacityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodThirteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PaymentsofDebtIssuanceCostsIncurredtoDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NumberOfBanks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_CommercialPaperMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_CommercialPaperBorrowingCapacityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommercialPaper'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfDerivativesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnContractTermination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommercialPaper'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCostOfProvidingSpecialOrContractualTerminationBenefitRecognizedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCostOfProvidingSpecialOrContractualTerminationBenefitRecognizedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailmentsBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansSettlementGainLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailmentsBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansSettlementGainLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateUsedtoDetermineServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateUsedtoDetermineInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateUsedtoDetermineServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateUsedtoDetermineInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_ForeignPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateUsedtoDetermineServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateUsedtoDetermineInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_ForeignPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateUsedtoDetermineServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateUsedtoDetermineInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCostOfProvidingSpecialOrContractualTerminationBenefitRecognizedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCostOfProvidingSpecialOrContractualTerminationBenefitRecognizedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_ForeignPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_ForeignPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_CompanysCanadianPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_CompanysCanadianPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_ForeignPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_CompanysCanadianPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanSponsorLocationAxis=us-gaap_ForeignPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_CompanysCanadianPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_AdditionalInformationRelatedToCompanysDefinedBenefitPensionPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlansWithBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlanWithProjectedBenefitObligationInExcessOfPlanAssetsProjectedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlanWithProjectedBenefitObligationInExcessOfPlanAssetsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanNetAssetValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_MultiemployerPensionPlansNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_MultiemployerPlanActualFundedStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_Decreaseinexpectedserviceandinterestcostnextfiscalyearduetochangeindiscountratemethodology'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_BigHeartMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_BigHeartMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearHealthCareCostTrendRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DefinedBenefitPlanActualRateOfReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_HighQualityCorporateBondsWithDurationRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PensionsAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_HighQualityCorporateBondsWithDurationRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NetGainLossOnDerivativePositionsReclassifiedFromDerivativeGainsLossesToSegmentOperatingProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NetMarkToMarketValuationOfCertainDerivativePositionsRecognizedInUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DerivativeNotionalAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DerivativeNotionalAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DerivativeNotionalAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDeferredHedgeGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarginDepositAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_CumulativeNetMarkToMarketValuationOfCertainDerivativePositionsRecognizedInUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnContractTermination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeRemainingMaturity1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_TreasuryLockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DeferredGainLossOnCashFlowHedgesIncludedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeOrLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxImpactRelatedToCashFlowHedgesIncludedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnContractTermination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sjm_TotalThroughQ42018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDeferredHedgeGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeRemainingMaturity1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sjm_FiscalYearTwoThousandNineteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDeferredHedgeGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sjm_FiscalYearTwoThousandTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDeferredHedgeGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sjm_FiscalYearTwoThousandTwentyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDeferredHedgeGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=sjm_SeniorNotesDuePeriodSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherInvestmentMunicipalBondMaturedInOneYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherInvestmentMunicipalBondMaturedInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherInvestmentMunicipalBondMaturedInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherInvestmentMunicipalBondMaturedInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_OtherInvestmentMunicipalBondMaturedInFifthYearAndBeyond'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=sjm_RestrictedSharesAndDeferredStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsConvertsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsConvertedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsConvertsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsConvertedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=sjm_RestrictedSharesAndDeferredStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValuesOfEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValuesOfEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsinPeriodWeightedAverageFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueTotalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=sjm_RestrictedSharesAndDeferredStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_PercentOfPretaxIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeferredTaxesTaxCutsandJobsAct2017Percent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTransitionTaxTaxCutsandJobsAct2017Percent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseImpairmentLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDispositionOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeferredTaxBenefitFromIntegration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherTaxCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsHedgingTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_IncreaseInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_DecreaseInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherTaxCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignEarningsRepatriated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitNetTaxCutsandJobsAct2017'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_InterestChargedCreditedToEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TimePeriodOverWhichItIsReasonablyPossibleThatCompanyCouldIncreaseOrDecreaseItsUnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sjm_AinsworthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodBeforeTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodBeforeTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodBeforeTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodBeforeTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodBeforeTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NumberOfVotesEachHolderOfCommonShareOutstandingIsEntitled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NumberofVotesPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NumberofVotesPerShareafterChangeinBeneficialOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sjm_NumberofYearsRequiredtoPassAfterChangeInBeneficialOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

^-W==
M=(KR
^XA*/VA]@@+SBMP2



MKC_\+L*N

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M





]-0\7?



M68G6V/%:VM]H=Y:*-T
5O92&OO77JK77:_\D(P


@;2,TO/)O3<.2(?,8<%9J# S*,7CH/6



M^=PW3!QM*R6C'3^WMH^;S([MVAK;=N$#WO=Z/Z@X5JV
MESIIL.V!@?.%=-K


M

MNR5-6K.%MNEP:!K;U6_[['I5MO5C'8JE_]'XZ2';#L)'$#8@?.M\B
I%N.

'42TD;R$Z@J!=


MXAY8LST%T[$WLQLBDG2$28

M:BYGIB

]9IP


M(K0L

AN54!PQGB4)9$BDT


:HA#8]3!$S.I1B'.C7MI36!
M$YH 
FM#8&0TPX$NX9PHX3&












MTPVJ_ ]02P



D'U$5 QI[R0P30QV@U+G!C]H)Q]IJ!R


M!C2E*+
$))
[24#6-1^LM&$! QSY/L8LP2$F3M)0D)0W)'RB/,VD)23T
M7
P&V](3!BIIH@9)5-*PI$!S0DV6@*[@D.PWC%4*BAPA40)C%K)F89 L9





*(0@'4=+80XC%@'
M$$L2L0XM^$O]\03J*$^V$@:M Z!E5JG 5J$PJB
 .G*0
EIBD'K &A9@G82
M+382X(H





MG+^9P9?#.HP
$##8*^- =7.!#3!FC#3&K]$SG%*:P-O^U?V3K5W7LJ
2-IS]


]2\69TT2@-

MG\PHB-\@\1HDUH#

0+1#Q F0-$[A*Y*!\I


9K^#LH_4$L#!!0    (

MC9K=;N




8JWLBM_'']N



XW?^N?OMTH2J[BMS[0J%D=

MT#O*H.-
.N8MG(E:\C3*D[-_:EKB#@3EO3 3KTT9UI^__#Q



[

M48RJR0 +60Y



M!@DFG9*H4T;QU%


M$&@ )C\CC:-NDFGUHJO[)$JL:'&QG328/]E J#0&!0:[,
&
+DJE?36-J,2!K5*%F1S.2R03LME/=(IOU<.S/0:TTD#.EE^$J(E
M4\CE8L6F+VV+1M.?WCEI38MR:0L1],HNF!D_7-)H264_)8Y=/RJ41@WV0Y



(L H.8-*NLCS6)*46H@I'P4*

*@
 )7C2P$#Z)**







C/&F3!
M(/LPR

J_)]4!UVZ+YH+P1Q9?T&
3M]91P

68)
M

Q\77'0:G-$@I;


E W38+)6-U(N




Y()3


RRG\E&J

3UK)QB#K;&RKP^8HB6@




T#.-&IQ




EC*GS^


YOA17]^CX




M08JR%'B.
P 93'([CF1L2^((7UB:Y&A++'K)

Q$


(7@*_$E321ML2
]EA_$Z
MJ\/$=D1*$5[)AP@?US1#*6I

/I[^3






MY&S

[(
MWZ+R;4[WE%10\U[Z1S
\P%3/)TJFXK_!!22&!R68HS32Q964O?-&32PH1?&7


K
MXAV*=^B]%
G-/F.70#3%'


M;81VY&P\OFSL?VV



'].H' JZ($^.QYD
MV[G@8&4^B!:^@_LQG(VWV


(SQ]I? _!-DN




M2)IE6[0O@(W?\[
QV6CLJVL!/'G3JG




M!THJJ


M=)

\ O@ .


BYX
M;6Q]4V&/U 0_2N$'WT[*ZNF[;)[1FCB2:;



@#7YU?V#[%VK.4J'#P8]5U6OLWID9(*

#)
M,6.W0#3'G*<8OHI)EPB&[$L*OI7BS/^!\VWX;E/A+L)W?RA\MTVPWR381X+]
M?TO<B$F3OY*P54\UV9.DR.E&;HXR2OO
K#W/+[)[_!IVK\(V\C.D:OQ^+*Q

M

MBO'=[C730AI:YLEWMF6.@U?2P-D2-V@M[
\3*!P+FM%GQX-L.Q\=K




M1'/


M

MQ[20'2VRZ#N9(L/!*=G!R1 [:W,KR,H''.:T*OC63:MPY69+UHX!NX[_W)


M]=Q2

\ O@#N


M?!63+!'
LR\I^%:*(_\'SK?A^TV%^PC?_Z'P=IL@W21((T'ZWQ*W8N[^2L)6
M/=5@FCA-EI0X='&25]YE8!]X?)/W\&G:OPK3R
Z2

M]1]L
#1MS5QG0901I!7CF\TGIH5L

)?7

U? ?_HSM9M-C
M4DH-K9.F)1:JC-XFA^
NQ



M)'



M.1)*^,+VH70'QGS50=:^!O;@\&;QCHM IJN9;YW(.H$THKQ+'O+M)&EGGR



2@PH


/5L\L*$6+IVF7)NWC=+/G




&2CL2^N!?#D34GM



MNJ0

MY)5W&=@['M_D3_@T[5^%;3KMR-EX?-G8_]H8#RAE=X4CU.('6PP)M0_'3WBV

_15!'U E2I8&@6V@Z3!L





1:O&#S8:.L3C/9[=.&:C
M$6PW_2 V?^/B%U!+ P04     #D@-%.\W
#@+0!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O



M$? B8;2K

M@W6H9Q6?BA9OTRZ[N(_3S?7-3-LF\)G %\)=C
.F0#'SS\*)(C
X$C/UOA?A

;D$PK[Z$X%LACOP?.M^F

M?)
_\&G:GX1I9&?)&9U_V=C_&M&!3R6Y\B/4^@^V& IJ%XZW_FRF
9L
A_W\
M@]CRC8O?4$L#!!0    ( .2 T4[2 






[IW?YP3$-\#/@A
M8;2K

M]Z8


^D\2MNJI!M/$:;*DQ*&+D[SR+@-[Q^.;_ F?
MIOVK

M+W-H965T









0X; H4



FAPYO:6T\
MFK9AKK<@J@C2BO$DN65:R(X66?2=;9&9P2O9P=D2-V@M[(\3*#/F=$??'$^R
M:7UPL+K10-?P'_MSQ8MMK!44D/GI.F(A3JG=[OC*0WQ

MF]
#)1748E#^R8P/



X O@$/
PZ9$4?D'X46163

[8BWJ%X
MA]YKP=
D8]= -

M01H)TO^6N!7SITJVZJD&V\1I





Q([];X7X8GW1XZ]*8

M?W?(V#4(S9C3A.%KS()@J+Z$X%LA3OP#G6_3D\T
DTA/UO0TV19(-P72*)#^


5X?-G8
M_]H8#YC*[@9'J

.@^5I)VKX


M]XS#%YCJV5



M4XEK
8=/2=BBIPI
':?)D@)['2=YX9T']I['-WD/'Z?]NS!UJRVYH/
O&_M?


MT8Z;


M=K)!=171.

1-5V7#]S)0M[IF\N^.5^*Q#DGXL?!:7JZZ



M3




$%     @ Y(#13N;^.(FX 0  T@

MJK


_&6VQ1J:2&SDKL
MB($ZIP_[XRD-^ AXEC#:U9F$2BZ(+\'X4N5T%Q(!:4+L)O5W@$I8*03^/7

MPT



$%     @ Y(#13HH/*AO3 0  G 0




GZ!Q_O
M[2-35=-J=)+&GE%_DDHI#=A2HBO;<&V?BCG@4!HWO;9S-5Z8,3RF]X,C](
MV0=02P,$%     @ Y(#13CP4LG3$ 0  -P0  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T


M6
#U^O8%]*S=TB\P^_/###FD](OI@.PZ%6*WA2XLW8X$F*J#B0S=VJ WNTT
M2DMFW5*WQ P:6!U(4A:)/=$
M[C

M6^9MYWU 5+F VOA*]AOPUF[%5E5:BZA-USU2$-3X,?=\91Y? !\YS9S1SY

WF-V*($Y]M: QBQ/]AT[C]'TTPWV@[[?T
MY#XND$8%TB0_E5B=E-B#/,?DRQJDD4$'FY,8IC#C0G97)P$W88G:UEQCZT



N4XN4KZZX%N9X<@5!!P*XQ287:[P)P[(5O&VZR)%TM'

5N(6[2JQ'
M(;GVOZ@8M)%B5K&E/8^K6WGUW'6O]'!#H3Z(9 )B-?^1=F6)XJ.2(UG7W/


2J+Q8T9'&B_]%I
MF)X$*TP\/5G3XP\$=D&!G1?8K022*-JT&
)\T.0^:+(/--20B3A$T.09-#


2YX
M;6QM4^UNVR 4?17$ Q2;I&D4V9::5M4FK5+4:MMO8E_;J'QX@./V[0O8\;S.



FGD

M.H%.!#H3]I% QD Q\T?F6)$9/2 S]KYCX8G3 _6]*8



$%     @



MN/-[[]X!EWQ2^LUT !:]2]&; G?6#@=3-6!9.9.#=[+XW2DED7ZI:800.K
M TD*0I/D Y&
][C


MH[ O:OH
2S][C);FO\(%A(-[)ZY&I80)OZ@:C55R47%6)'N?5]Z'=5KTK[0X



?QF637:?B@8:+_PN?1^H;
MTRWO#3HKZYY/N.1&*0O.2G+GO'1NBM= 0&/]]J/;Z_DMSX%5PS*F9/VO*/\

M:&5E=#


_6;38HE))#9V3IB





M=MG%?9QNTF2F;1/X3. +X3;&85.@F/EGX46163
2._6^%^&)DP/'WI3!&5L1

M965T



]R #08L


]P\13U
O7DZ




MZ&CD



MJ

!V98)A=KA)BIJDB
!^98)A






M:&5E=#
W+GAM;&U4;6^;
!#^*Y9_0$T@TXI*95M4FK%'5:^]F!XT6U
;--
M:/_];$

MI]J$LB:JET!+1^*

P
69XAZ^)

M+

'#U:TZ/(+[#W

$%     @ Y(#13MVM8FSH 0

;!.Z?S_;$




MF6J:IU*

.$*\XX@


D!$=AO
M3##


-L?CZS^


MKC%#;SDPJ+3=)F8OI]:?#EKT\U0CRVC-_P%02P
$%     @ Y(#13L+[29NW
M 0  T@

MLVT!''G1JK


_&6VQ1
MJ:2&SDKLB($ZIP_[XRD-^ CX*6&TJS




M9-%W
46&O9-P\40VRO%S=\S2!QRNJ6OCB?1MXX6)%UO($?X'YV%^
M-K-4
M0H&V C4Q4.?T87LZIR$^!OP2


-6SIV0J




M+@^

;BVI*E$4AA-4

LL5$/0SN$$BK=U-$T!3+


M@8K=$

MAL?5]2A\CF!R3]_E/

0=U;:/$/4$L#!!0    ( .2 T4Y8BCQO

M%4'OH;CW96 ;J]2[1 D*#M
V/3MA!)5$G:3O^^)$6KY
P96\Y#)






MEEH__AF



M-T;W!LS$@

)F255@#ELR1BESUTV0.725K?
M'#!Q-$W*'.8813$KCC&)D P!.AN8LS9-B;.!3Q(21;P%()_0W 4@E638WPC]

M%:0%PE*IN%;:E&KE !KSV24D798 9
5LP5*H@!8JJH4#Z)20L8 IH&*JM,
M&L\BJ*3RJ

M8X72MP^R8304W+M48ZN\P ::W9*0WX7LAH@D]Q/$\E=K& :*)BBC;;FF8D




T@[)!-8. _H63?L6P_L6[7U='6)8);5SQ6.2WUYD;8
M!@
1T53H!]XMCGF]/N8U89M 518H3!:F1 .Z6EC
%J9-SI@F:PT!@D-)0O




1D\
NB
M&1


CP-
M!Q
S 

\
M( )+)H0'::#_DY0U8 ('4

F_LBKA_6NGGTOFZ;<]J^S
MW)=E4[0&TZ2-_;'([XX7F^*^Z;YV&E$=7E4Z7#3E?G@-:W%\%^SB/U!+ P04
M     #D@-%.AV3+*.4!  !L!0  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M




8INA9%7

M[)YN7NK52[W.LQ)?#
AK]DZ3WFCR18
U?RF2!HND%K^ 11APH(6%G Z@:P






M394K/6SV87ML1+[M@JHRI(0D8947M;]:='

MY67I@_\V\5CL#\I
A*O%
=^+'T(]'1\:/0I'EFU1B;HM9.TU8K?T/\'-/24F
MH$/\+
2EG;Q[II1G*5_
X.MVZ1.3D2C%1AF*7#_.8BW*TC#I/'X/I/ZH:0*G

E$


^&:


10MAG;Q












U MO/M
N



MGQC8J@5
L  )%M
S349

75[_]LO^ %!+ P04
M #D@-%.Q@$!W_P!  #T!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M;6Q]5-N.FS 4_!7$!\1@+LE&@+1)5;52*T5;M7UVX'#1VIC:3MC^?6U#6!90
M7[!]F)DS [:3GHM760
HYXW15J9NK51W1$CF-3 B=[R#5K\IN6!$Z:6HD.P$
MD
*2&$78\V+$2-.Z66)K%Y$E_*9HT\)%./+&&!%_3T!YG[J^^RB\-%6M3 %E

J&MXZ 

Y

MU/6
(:0*Z- ]''





AJMSSQH_AF6U9%UHC7:N?5IXIGF\ZHR#WB^Y%7




T-@9@@Z!JK$


5;H6I!(C<<2DN)V:7$^PRL[28]C!F/)?XP]L4
MV


Y4^=#?RH1+
MHL2U+85%A(CA- H6(2
6?2'L-U)BD0ZI0.U*X*K_8-V15UJS\D+549X*K4

V?-L<WO)^;9I'YEX
MKOK;R/ZE*4_RIM6[7?=._P=02P
$%     @ Y(#13F8DQAL+ P  U0P  !D



B=*Z$S9BE<I
MP(RX&M!






MP#\

EZ?6

0TBN*=88PY-1&(\$9N;3@7 R
M5]XX 8.@CBD'02D@Z!QP*\RL400D@Y%$$(LU&U6TS48

M54G:SDS (KL &:U 1D@0;T#?1HSA@ 1,D9QL$4,M.+!)R(.+YHQ0.;/M=
M2QFF2!FPE



C[3 (  #H'   9







]B0ZG=YX


RC?%&&'= (*$^E/!
)3)O1O=NVSF#^\A6P-D
ALPC?F

MI^&D1*8QR:B$'RT7DSP;C0KO6 T?M1H9K48SJZ&?F 5BHT#\^+$F1H'$X& Y

S3Q-

MU=M\QX



!
MEP#B\009O%#

MLAH03*N$#









M&DB:DWP(^J#U.P9-8&K-F9H/&LP00,$?;O+EJ;(:
H
+8&C*V$LED+_*G=

M^AWL8 1V

 .YAWL8*0S);[SZ:G%W/!=
M#

SS_4B&S+(.!.

MR]

M#E(*@






VV&J\-8NK%J9+#=)JRTP+H34QQO: 3'A4:E'$\KP=4

M

MGGY#US_X
/T65S._$Q=BO)/!.WF\DZ
<]Y8
MOXO\6]F^Z8Y/3A.O=[S(JOM\L2/XI=M6159(QZKG5.?*IYM.E*1.]AUJ5-D



[732N1B8]W_L3SO%42X_AW$)W=^FR)X^]7]:B;O)C
6U;SIS+_
MY[!I]HM9
+

/N7O/!?P=B2BCW69U]U?:WVNF[(8
M5
10BNQW_WDX=I^7_A=&!AI
P 






M'A.
YT894B(: 3B?N

M 0Z4A62FEYCJI1#0Q\C3[2E(=U9!0!DIP4! ^1.EKB
 AP(:VG)-&.HEAGHI


R

P33B+7D)E:8J:6


MZZULFK+H+OFV9=EP


M_P%02P
(5:FSM;N_29Q$
MZZBX0)*S=[\#HH'I[@A_$L6GFYEWFI=I=/:1%[_*E;75Y/=VLRLOIZNJVE^$



MI@T+O%5_0+

MM]8*7VL%UEII3X(YQDC\+#%^EAAF4$1-:CR#'E[5!L]@SE;UW Q9G0-DSJT.
MAM&KD^!C3A#E%9ZAOO.A]XUHN'*

EU1N-1)X'$IRL5)


M&%]+%]$UBDC;(1A'J&)'(1)L'B$A(1-,#V@4B$#*U4#69A@PK_*4X33E$9

M8)B. J((.6%U'-J8T@F1@_ 3SD=H3/@)%P





1)K4F'!!@?1I

M
X3;2
)MY)AG8]3#L?--V@W0(UAX\6X\,5+,4Q&P(U;3/4P2AW R72PQEB

DPQ+G&E'/OZ08Y'FE.W
TF8G$0Z-$-L
M[21A)G)$AZ8(

M.0@S42
Z-$68B1K0H2$


/ZW]
^(0ZO]&Y

^,EQL)ZKTG#5W8I1/OBNKPH<8VX0UO<R\GRFHDY)2=7=XRC(Z:


%(\
%30C@0PI$ 0EVM/A5=FQT2*
\8[2S6


D


?1L]0C_B!Q(/S


M2ME7QPG!)Z&&L1RSOKGT$T';H7&Z8_?._P)02P
$%     @ Y(#13L[0Y891


=FKZ3GAP;9T


6\4!LE94A@4R^]
S:I;\)J 6'2!='JBZ6!WE8!)LU@T Q&R6T
MIQI2.:X@=@DYE1 ;% 2:B!@H*#,3@F4XVN686RVB@=U7%.
9F*BV:$B')T




@32\23'-:$T+]D&!:$$RVHJ.E
M\%6Z8W49*/Y]E.:4GG6EZEV#R29#
?$[14OEXZVS34!,Q5XT+CPZ46


M@;$T%\E06Q^7$4_VY;%6VMO$EU-6AF^9;V=G3ZSX.D7V
7CO0-C]XJR-PC/O


Z$W



MD\:G\W2YJ

X_V^EDNSV-&73[P-?3H=C60TXR\4E


M:U%FJ;&B0TGC;\WGZ5Q_WIHK 3/3\ 1N)O#[A- =G#,!'&?P/S!=)



MZTJV0.+C( 3
4]3S12?/GBPD-!K [)CP,ICW6B6G-N




!L9!2.O4AA
MF(X
X=&&BA&U$^9N!!;PH:X;$N8D\T: Q8C&%#N&*:



M2D%)20$ 1 0 1C


P!0
MA3

M\TTH

M?


RNYCW1\[])=;R

+^+=YE*^Z#_U\-?EJ;-/\2W*L6IT


C%F.#2?&UTM?^[CX84WDVYMOX\




.!A%# EXQD4X $#

=41GD651X#/'8 HY;








ZH


%'K@G0(Q5D-%=GTF*C#%!V&

M.0 N!X;+-D:
LF!B)(1&0F#$3



9MQHV7BM.K18$4%0Q%'-X







M4BN-MNKV





MHQ9TA&$=H7S]P


M#Z 
RR$@8CDD 8G2%)L'($KC9

?

J

AXYD

MOB3B( +:H35

A(3PA
(G4'B0B3
MB$)(A$3&
ZLF3(*(1&%SXCH[AD181)1(F B'\S03



\W0F$/Z#@YI

SV&V? IIH7F




R3Q Y\!Z(/IE$[G'\+\0Y!_K.6/

MC\Q!N($C1% AI1.C%$,TX]!^A;E2*#Y/+%3WPL;S[(01.$%P4*1R
SO2B(
M14V)&2Z

(NX#SG0^R;&%70!J&Q:L002(4,STA$QIH9-3
M@(6% &6)N1X+@0)+'P !+ [#O4XH5E3/%43U@$A,!02V*R]@ME)IBV!/$V
MLKC Q57
)=BYE+$7%UA*6NN8K'X3!S*6!NG.CABF
MJ








RD=OW52^S9F&S@\?LO^

MHNG^6[M+(T6ILR@I9?:G_\RK[O/:?Q-%.HP.8#J W0)@



M2G)
H$/N%=H:+3J









C5 **;!KXR\#\
M@IL&@3((- .W6XJ

M$


M(C31A'9
TIOD@1!GIHDU*=_1-]9DH

Y
:HW!C964W(*C8F\0RQ$YC49& L

M$]XXPZ87DHQI!0]/;!ZBENB9S3


M!!0    ( .2 T4[
'XH5K@

M=#8S+GAM;)68[VZ;
!3%7P7Q  
;0](JB=0$39NT256G;9]IXB2H@#-PDN[M

Z
MR
)\LU5EGFAS6^Z\ZE#*9-
$Y9G'?3_R\B0MW


LOJ3$;'


MC?Z;/
G
X+42\XZURJKFK[


 ;$3*'87D+7
&+H

ML$



6P!#WDV+'T&V
MXA%0? /J*\9]@ %S%D
6@MV93?^C_K%G



=AG#RK&-LW1SM:J
M?P#9]0\@:]
/H&'%NMP8--V_:.N0+OI&B^ ?5_
..N$*#=-*U_!%F*QT#Q

M='

MFV@@9($VL_]^^9H
^+R&M!=-(*_-:W-X?&R\NN3%]_)@3+7XD:6G\F%YJ*KS






30:XJ87M
M15
O7!-L09GP'!1F&

LHH88
13-/T^SDNVD9.P5$Y\!Y&N29P&:
^790R2
MT:%ABV3NL8'CL8$'M^=-'+.: U9KJTU/O6C8P3*VHX93
LH'A!]; =3F 
*
M:WNTZT6C


*9#)Z
!!'BMM




ZP5E'*


MHYD#4#D?2XE9*A%+[4FNI
L1-M0G)6





M






$


MKGDI+DN7N





M_

M.
R+-#( %'H)II) *@F@PC0JB1F%Q



M0J\X+B



-ZP
CU]6&XBQGJ8KT^&1L0)%-C*600%




M3HLR?[E;WHN;U
9M@4[Q]S[_J$;?%VU3'HOB6WOPV_/=
FP=Y8?\J6ZKR)J/



M+

]9.XO$C6YZ_ZD]V75V]UO3/55S]GT3)='M^KVM:- \]!HYTHB+8MW4




%BPCAHBAE


M4WF:M'&2RQ#L6!=I@V;2:B?;P?-)P'OOR11P2)$2$.0T\5G-!2?CZ;D9R7


W._:N2=%8R

M'60G&CD6X=8@BIJ;:

MD-%P



UZ9EVAI/3$'(:7]=RWAG]^1!O/
^!6.;EAGB#E(IP=)C(DP8:

(90O3AM.*
/N:6$5
M7K^GG95


*0%@?#6GY


M7@6I6S@PBU^;!K




:$
M8)& !F7:ZBL6N

3L





M5(!D=!W9.I7\



SW3)1$JI.M6JF55ENU_4T2DEAK&Q=(LGW[ B8NS)R+A_R(


GJ&&\B:DI[7W9-[G37Y[794?
MJ^IT/ASS[K1C5ZK]N1Z[@_VOTX^U?-;MT?=;R[+K]+T+-&#N3A@^PO IXCY$
M#6%? $0?8:D;8[G1#E
E/?SQ211A@



MD*S$ 30
H.-_7P






MQ(4E.1LQ



/

AA-N*;'LY8*&





M.).7.9N#3+/%SJ*!LPCJ%C]QCW]!2Z&QS'5


ML


5CF9D$78;#
34P7@4 A

E;F+Z!P22_K7 A
V U$'G-:#&M%'W
MO2UV% O






7
7.\.W/H


:.WK&F4@P5!;P(N^A!

3$4
M$6/O)) H;$/PU@QL#0F#C(9QHJ1MS\]AHEAB!C[Z2%1XL*.7:J8#F;/#TD



MZ.1?FOXDYW-:';.R]IZ5UJKHON







5WQ;QDC=E6
MQ7_YOCVN@V6PV)M#]E:T7ZO+GV8J2 6+J?K/YMT4G;S/I+O&KBJ:X?]B]]:T


W?]R:%WPV==M4UW]GVS3.-5]-X'FC2?1@V_T?![Q=96
$UO$0R(9CO'D




MKQOR2'*?,92 0?) ^B

_L13&4@$#R8@0
M&C.G/0RDQLQI%P
YB1PF7V



2YX;6R-5=N.FS 0_17$^P(&PB4B2)M$52NUTFJK

%JM3A):AK'ZA%G6Q]7^R/%RNGO
4Q9E[

.89:'XPXD=I

M(

9I-#.5*)V83@]ED:F0S1P7.
MY)ANYQC/N7
(4Z/==&[7OY
O\LS7U7M\?]&=&X\
+M#TRJ/9YCUY3C@IFADU
MO;IFU+1P[NC%JH$==3?@5D%/C5 7?[0Z=)QG7[UXD_6UZD3Z)?R0Z=K8#\R.

' EM
M

/V[AIKT*]NS
JXD*
9'





M_@V8Y
:_Y+%_]Y38F=\=@VP8.;XY^L08?6*(_C_W+S4*I
_[)\JH\4MUGW!0
M@^))KL'

0VYN4Z1




MNTI2-_#

M#[@!47#M1.4H&1'FVRNO0C+:JR@K%+_;9]V89]?KWVEN0M03HH$09I\2XIX0


M3YWN4X?[B96=Q:S&:9)PE


MD_A.S4X[ZCYD[.#]B?FE;H1W9%*- '-1SXQ)487@6IRI6;]L%PEGJY5&MN
M)Y[=2-;VPQP-_RC%?U!+ P04     #D@-%.6G9&#A$   P!@  &0   'AL


Q'?('O('Z
)R97:%&INQX&WM'!8= 4

MRS




MU)K1[C[3B7/1 





T;G
MX4?G2&-6 X:.

M/$
P $92'A!C]1 L88&#'2F
.@51&^&L4FN7OL0T


M5)P[7& ND-D=Z6(VD Q$$9OI9G8/ =Q&
#;JYE
9QMRBB%NFK&C0I(M0L_&M

T)\7#1K+
M-C


C6G
[E!;YCB7WZ*V .146X;)QX#:QH[J8)A5[ ZU99A5

MWDHN_P=02P


HQG?N'B51X94\Y;5=9RX1Z5:F:^+[='



?6\V0L_\GF575*R6!:\=P?8+
M]P.:K1$Q!A;QHV 7.1@[QI47SE_-Y/-NX09&$2O95AD*JE]GEK.R-$Q:QZ^.





CUF
4@0 PJ2
22,(
M]3/$%Q(4#@ADSK0?Z428#

W+DFW






MY[M&WD;2?
93L:NZ_XNGMZHN]OTL32C[[

M6^]/&CT

ZOJ4;[P#-+

%)G4SP$HB(F;WFTAN9
M1C;

DL22)=.@;$BDF8$R1
M%&'$

B]'!3






)040 JEJF*%$YU)6?XQG07

5I

#(6001I$  ?.RLB%T5==%RYKS 0% (4TEI# 0] P@: T$C




M)'3


 QGQ&2:0F:;1)FU1UZO;;39P$%3 S3M*]_6SC
M
# W7?
Y9]4=&Z+5CM<'I8N ]HMD58)6C$

MK5Z\7


30I

M-@GQ)P42@T\L ;\KE:[]A@BRG'-V=7BW?1JB=BF:)?+I[E10/TQ]3Y:_E='+
M

M0Q









M)@V]L&]




-T2?368V[5'8
M=SIXJ7=O*48()=[-*/5&^\Z(C(T&T_+#PP


AF!&!C ABA!-&-&
$


#   
$0  &0   'AL+W=O


YX;6R5F%^/FS@4Q;\*XGT!7_-WE$2:3%3M2JTT
MZJKM,Y,X2K@%)Q)]]NO 4\FF$

MJ[H4N?YZ%4^B++M





W A8%7AOA


MV$=6
*
:644LLI\DHTJ,CN,J2SA23!7.,85(5Q-UCC&B'_WB!A7!'$E;V.

$%







MK*A6_DGK\U






G;I9
MB
:I0T8#)$

MP@10H\K$L-(R5VK-B(^XP!+*HOOEGF&!9$@AA;TSV91$=C/UOY#M)&08+%9:
MYDJM6S
0*!ZIY P++0-*&PIGP[O*:$9_8L%A962N-!HR;I-!E
!
A&6
7(4R
M/NSBWJ'N3HNPEA'2

M.)6\ TWM.0!)1S@'MA4#2


M2-GX


M[T449M$&W;72 -I94#P%C0BDY



2E

+R;JA

M$#6)
]M ]^]G.VD:[$L%#\1VSCD^U[FZU[
+XZ_B2*GTWIJZ%7/_*&7W&(9B




8&B-)F%9ZTT@)8]$]!(R)4\N


<5+3O=3#7(UYW_;[B63=<*4)QWO5XC]02P
$%     @ Y(#13G+]


J\%-_







K63NZ#KI1GK5^ZQM?#.L0=D2K4WG0II+U<U4X519?)<OP9
MDX;W=W:!T_NW[)_[XFTQS[)5.UW\S@_FO Y%&!S445X*\Z1O7]184!(&8_7?

 A

7Q10G*%FA@[R/T'58Q


M#*2BB]


!#'OPKB P V!)(JB=0DFC9I
MDZI.VUX[B9.@ F:VDW3??GXJ!7-)^P9L\[^[W]G&OOF5\1=QHE0&KW75B$5X
MDK)]B&.Q.]&:B(BUM%%?#HS71*HN/\:BY93LC5%=Q3A)\K@F91
NYV;LB2_G

M9X#RNP:I


M^Z
$/F.2SZR







3@$6^YMJ4$![!24FXQN7.CR('9-5&5T9YZ!CB&*.48VQJ()U8


HC F(Q

M0]#



8#X

IN#T*YXW3
\;N!0?
M$(P\5AA(&

M?P6TKZI62(\]1V;H4:2[ZTLN]FWW&






MJ-S'AUW8];JWY/SX=S0Z/3RS[WC\_8?U7X;@73!?J]8NZO4_J^?N[6Z:3R?/

8.AG2(][$/R5Q6

M@PZ(V)D_/$.B9RPDZR[]!RPY0AD?4@)(BIU0

M70$M%


M%&9:T=PA6RH*C1E
'P+QAY;4[?0$28TNGX64)R&^LY@T!&0-19W-0%X*IA0
M)E
VM9$Q641%P&]





8*
M)31V9




_*?\4W7Q0=@DO%ER*T+CUCQ]_&Q!*C

M%%U':RX9
[8#O 0H7M2?
^4[C=5' _5AS 5 ;#VMN4(DH863#NRT7[;5S@E;
F@'EZ

AB@


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#DP+GAM;(V5VXZ;,!&7P7Q #&'0$A$D#:IJE9JI6BKMM<.3 ):&U/;
\=$-9O

M8K+V=='QM[TYG.U]0-=$! HI7; ZG*%/1BC509OP9/?T3JQ.GZYO[1]*YZ


M'K=_5H?U


NE



M30=;
2SQ:;DZ[LK7:BZH?B]TC*UH_)X189*1^EE(--*TAVH=<[9[Q
M$:8CU*'+A&*)C*E7']Z'V'&$\0%F<YYQK@G%I@*B+3D&=V\1U:8C'[/K#$&

M1A5@\XS'J$:(XH)JP#!*%# UBP=! ;9$
-LAG!]A:KI$%MC&-45]0'%M1P
MX$C]&K-ZF.W R7WGM6S=M.'D;C'

M9CQEV[HAC;'*,Z:!1+1=A2X^K&\-%@-*R0B=2UKBFS3YF V2#Q+*[D?9ZB
M+C$5&WB


D/\U1
M(:[FAX46J!!7],-2SPC6/7#0BM$G[8:$UFA%7]\-&WR.8.$/_F($%+Y

MVHA /@_IW&



GE^80


MN[+8/];PUCI;-[^^V56#:#R


(





M]9!%-ZM5!D_!



M*3SS[:'.BZSN:^B[;58]8'??5^73_O%$D_#M%H[AQWVY^AS#(-(JJZ.?#_MZ


M\F







5'A@W
[MBKP$_RUW=E!7H9$OGQT[GI
M7YSPB!Y91;-+1Y[Z
1BZL+15.




95


9)5N

-5]56Y!\0)N*2<=

M
^I;X4$.G+KRULMG_;=NG2(=D[=V7EUIU=-@PFML@QD;=JY(Y0=/D@VAA6
M3I




M^D#V0#(
'?CV?=4]GI:W^

CSW*VPK

MW*8_ULV^V?K21LFUV)]MMO5E8
OHOI%ZK1D]O#YN113T&.!QO]_#RJ_Z;?3V

M5#)[4014'.7PV1



=D7(*&NPWP!L$%Y+NEAOT^;-!:@S9B=\T


M466PG'Q'P$3)(?8$EUFT$UF=1+.[K*4#N#JADV_?K T4C
\SOX.$J?<A\$+T2]_2#8KQJ.PJAX_JK/J2@\CJ
MH@U+^9*-D_#7 )?(A4FYD=#,RKM-_L FS.A0X!+B@'#QB+!39\?7!5L=ZCT0
M4F4M-!X6=_GV7H 3 SF5X)84

M5:
J Y

](QKE
M=4IL'X1#W&^&^*!1(M-2Q[ZJ-AR'D'QZH01E/#/0CB!]RQ&7
B(?JMANCQ
MC8
?FE/BX_I@(4LWMX:#2B\

-GPR5N-?*%&CHHQZ[#)J?BH






MH-





M%^47D0G%5(AR
MKQ\CJSM$BJ*(BWR$^ ]Y'QA!I^2BEU@ZY3
A4& L-AM]O0


M\







M]4UW6(



F#1+.H4:T)A3KI
M%V)X.T23G _QC/:!=Z09+#LW!'# 7#
J&RTW $2@Z)[L+R.)'.1I466ZMZ'




MGC
B_0[RK;QW2^S?1%)



0X=7&

77&DRYUD


2$#[TB6T?%)5-E3^2_E?6Q
MU\P6V.')=O=57JT.6TRKPNM570%W:?&Y.NSVJV?@W!O:?8K50 Y62DB1QNU(



_U.&*-@/=4)0Q(RDHE6ITF&;MLWOEK\S:




8]
1C_L' 252AX$+'L5M









MMK8KPQN %


D4N3[
M3%YKX<_%<NXQ*%@XO,%P1=,VNJ8CC#%DLX,YP*&A _I\ZW1
YTSQ1WP5.!
M@.?O9&;]
^4+  ?] ]V%WF\$Q9E'[
-


MMS8YX1F2(9



M9#:8R
$1V*





Q_S/@\'HWC8&QZ#8=3
MP1G_L03BCOX


UD
M='[6Q
B+!;OB12B]J3I[^]UZX5A[32!I!LUUB^MF[H9(TUY7$BIHZF/SM^

MVHRRF8.1L1GU& . 6B(
-C):5



+^(-$]8EY\ 2&B%Z6

:#8^1WCL\-+@)5 D0*XB5%#WVXX^WXLJ/)I-C




[^U8PS&YWN=




M9T(W%\EP



M/PRI\
-0H#FV?:-=FF$IU*Q ZAHW29($PRFL:PID)E\SYJ#3_-2ER*/JF:GE

D@3_F/#D7F&_@G@\F3I&ZZ!?6**['[T+W.?GXW:W#
M.=60+ACW82




M6(C]R&7([AH[&(P3V]
 _4 4(=N7.U-^3-VMRD-0OT[%(1/?=++[WQ ?E[M
M2\HX':SWB

MPUQ)A3K04/WHT/:P

M+GE8;6 $1$LV)OCJ2@UOSO;E83*[0.=%OZ5KV=9M\4:U4$\^DU2+7TNB7O@^


M:]*Y3I]0I2)4&Q-L[%;/(0.DA8W1

Q34(

88\B8%P-6OHM
MY9!?YH&Q)B,T@$$X?I!=Y)(^2@;J0?2MYG]35*9+O*-=UQ!(FX5VC K%(@'
M2@]U0S!L

MZ[\U0KH9-A@A2@E'!?90=&D#DB%OZ'_&RSJB]=*%

970[B.M@#:7ZW

M'FFF=8
VI



E/E&JK&D^%#]
M!$P4'7_P^T.%89PQ



M

7TH\VZ2KK&4H#:C[IXS
%KBC

['&3$ EHFTL2JR@Q[
M(@

4 :T*!G)0I8(
MT7@H$:(2OI&N






]8DM\D&CM!B-@HL-HUV*7M/[]$O)EYE)
M8W1)[T8%-TX ,M0-7.]52;GT5P(SAPM13PH**^14$][ME$BDA9
GI8:$[7-




MT%A#!YRB#5S[*LC- L18B&8PZT!SG6%5!PL@NIP#SY3*6F%J&(,G4R6F!*
MH4MVF26^K3:I)_%HACF


V(&/TN
M
*VYKD4



M@:5W$JSC44S*;P33Z+C8.X6CX&;JR4
W7-S N+UM/4:*)M





M?!@ CG73@H$/HF5RHNFC[)%EW5P#14)RG&34BM(T57ZT;J5Z0L5*@OXPR\[\
M.MD

M[




R]H5^UBVQ&^L9X
.JFG[X.+0Q

-Y.F

M^YWH!:N/-^E%


MAXVA5!V6ND1A

1;--8YQ]CFQOK#
I^BI5




.KJ0UBT;'[T-
MV[=PT%'OO)HRDQ1V3WQ5DQ=*;K_;)2H+AZZ^\VO@-8TJK]%HO2?-MOU5K9'#
 ^<&Y
 HC^_?1O].'@_8



BN(;P+J7*

[#R!([#*9
MGLD[:DZ1M_PDHK?.E%$<Q0OW




%RR1]EG/25S+9U*VU+B6CT ?N




&ADG




M3(QW

';D 4$\=3)(3QI#FIUJOE
MW[
B BUW3:Q]M$#M9S1%H7@TFC6DEL;+'Q'5B)%GB8H0RFP$_8*N.47V-1XV

M3)-SI-$_'BBFQ'H[
/63!%/D@HL_#((%CL'P]1#QLG)$##Z_/37;^
7R/Q

M)?TLT60QFI
MX3=V$$!Q*UDWL.3XY%V&\/R^-_QI?'0#LD/1D 5;QD9^P#AY5[ )-NCZCS
MO8M56XQ





M1NXSOM$L* '\T&_Z5L*C
IU$5Y[!4;*&3CGFI3$!G7R8[9N)\Q06//M0!U

QO%TQ$'R^E2/&G3&0KH
M[].]SUS/5H]%N2D?GLG8. 7A'Y7T;8K'Y 
0
J104&8+)=DG\3#
R;DF2FI
MS
R3)DEB5??S9DX

5/]\R7#O

WB)V)




D-%B+S
T-RQ!3.-]&GF1P



M66%I0'B:I@8JKG

$B55%*P8$^/KQP!U -3=D(52A)AT/^)AA'C5+0JA
8Z
M$RE4)!]^_BZ+/&KS;UO$3=)-\7-W^247'=4-3AQOG-*E=!(9[''3EBG7O9


MKX4$9L


V\$ZV=*'42YU?#



M





8QMDA59XX@32K@8BJGS[A0G6Y2__

PJCUEA
[=
6-+-!V*05



MR#3&M







CH^3E\$GEL=Y



MDD28)FG9M#YLZ/J8@9HMXL9HU
..^OMY(7N*E3G!DE







ESTBKWH.2V0@[K4_MHU





!'5WQA8ARKA#8655?G3FCUNPW711W4
B]
MJTXP#T/U
BM!PS/5=QA]#G@770VP

M7$0

M#7.+D%^I,A+_FY[$S

-)3PIA#



NM#=QKD.N;JP(QAQ5,;:$\?E[1J
MK]=$R$]78Z([#$CE)!!_H\F;SK#72FKOXVNWS03J<@JS!=\A* CEPDMXL@X


9GP2H[\F)RW7CDIFUIDYNTY.Y*B^X_&0#'_J\PK.64?BSP
M!WPXYK]F_&
(/TXU'M#59#!:XC]#;A)^&\
_PQDW=JJI/+@/X)4Y^1NYK3$F





K9

/+=4=2Q

MH3=)OV4(!+
EFWG$]I-XH\])2\B
S2$O


DK7UD


UZBB!4C*I



0KYL.5C8E#'MT_H81 1D]*[ATR@CGW*H
M3MB/&L(U]KE/^UU[%UJNW/Z_8/.

!\D6PD2?&






FX:^OY

MJ'


M+%;$3
$TW


MB4.FR$7NNN$7@DY&0I-49IMKLZ\936E7EAL*E:$K
@WQ/5HW]]$Y(8?HW_%
M)&AO

9MT:\R6ZYU; U18N?JC7GU%(6A
21*

E27T


_6_8Q7





MT]0-(H:_L;H0_YW(WT/YF\J43!/W-Z7N3V;N^8DK6C(:N0^GJ'*7AX='_&
)

)5-UW9JP2O^!W

M$OYANUMZUKOX&0^93HBA[M$Z&?/9EZ%1N8$6#U^NL$M2=?)?5\@ A*] -<A




77L*
MO^#C?'Q6ULQ%5'5T\.\97C+2QW?%&NT#L'[G]A*D?RV
6ZS2Z='['
BL:$C(


9'%WM&E
J2$TFAO7\P2(9

D!1PQX G;:RYUE%-ED_ZR
MFA06T,#,J\0 Y\!=R6;O(5Q#O(XZ<\OM4?=C AS4VV'!OW3HI-Z7#KRLN<N




=A& 6S]C) PZ9
K$5$3:X%5H (U&9(%R& 9%I_ \ ]@


MW#
1'#

<K-[.8CWP!DJ




5-WBIS_DZ9
Z4

@A=%DNQ!8KC

M9D




@&(\8


=W'$QS_!060P=Y)0&?/6
@WSI:4%!: 
'YS7A^G#W5PDJR-#6O\K(_ F2+:E2J59RJQTNNS4*
M(?=C7/BN(764I51+.XW/8U:)EDD_<&I(X:4HV!=I]MNX:@%Y/(D$.%<PF


&^V$L=N&V\$;FL(]?

M^9HL')@Q9^#/D%1^)\7K..^TFC1A(PA]&)U[BIC-1)SC03O[M0&F+R&]%+=W



(UL$5P




&AO(\2


MT4F+;21

!H4Y


.7KHN4+GV-
M


MOL8[5QI7IUX]9NO#1CUB-)K [3]T?GYR^_M$5DIT';H\V!%_JW^.(YL'K3+\



N@R?4:J&_XCYF=-MWV[YT^ &<G0S%2UH_A
M/2;8&:5 9^P.P 968519#XZ;G&&LA@6-@D[4]=Q(L!0ZFC509:Q3:G5:P%
#]3%]SIB&H(IEEP3!T$(6W@!F?G+^PH(1()7M]%MDL
)JU3\W$6M+
M]!-+Q )*; T_$J8XD!=*MO$G26EZ@ZD/XF&@A.#YY'B<P0.]2'#<F]DI0&2

M&3G





5000M#9+H)EGPC9P-$KW=A15EA698#AMM7YI:9!CJTSGHKA!(.J15
MQE?)-!XOAO%DN=1^TB]P,SE)66'S@<'+#@=[-(A^*13_P4'Q ??XXM


XTU+8%%7$


M R5_P4

AZ




SGCH@CN.EF.8#SG )@<AZFA7^O3Q-S0.Q%H@DQVK-]=F0(<B
MUJ
T%.NVVH5&)??^1Y'EX4&GZ[ 8\0OI.DZ(P!*;KIWF=Z^1XHPW_(BD
9V

IW 2^/!
M# 
9R84 C\GK\O*E_/E*/_@SB[:7R701+Y
)?3%'::6CU-]]1HK8Y7P1+[@-
MV*EA.RWRN* S78SCZ7Q&DLMB



6:?:]S4!*''Q_C/).$\OKY1

M



&#_0&'84UG]%/;
MET!&1



E
M$43&7G345C S7)&*\A5V/]9TD0[^Q/XC


MY7X+U^).OS(


K%9KT]+H0-W=RR2T7)S?XNHO[3&)Q0*983!YES;:?*YBJCS=$ZP&'
MO


M/]DB-1R0R-CL8HM8?
-H_V[VIEAE%G&6@[68


% L'X\D]UX

QL+=C2 KGL9AO!X[PT.9=E:18CHST[
M+XRV1+]=;O
E+EO=D(OS2[LA9DW



BTG'

$HGK2#0P&T?N
MXB/O]UN$B[O\36V*@$-#==Z]=AIDLX4& 0;&.JRUE2T#
7/ ZYH;[LP/E[25







M_LJ:WY8RTG/2J4Y\


-'#)N4MHSM5+SK$9H(%

A<?IEV#C

GW@EP'

M\](GB)9N
E
 &_Z3D6.B5$YL!#-G[QFMP4C6@!#H7A)&?I_78'C


[




QJ0



TEXLK=












M
8)6A7;W=
M.Q1_ 7H
A!&6V3RE;&Z%3\/%
W.^\6#PZV2.
:F@@7)M)T@WA]0O@K9#TM!MRD&Q4=I1#H)MN
N_T@FE
M@!9HZ.1%5^:M@[






M])W)Q1

M0A[Q@

L2$I1DIE/R@NPL^/(WLR


$M

M#W_T
2[A:AY\E4
IL/Z9(AAU+K.YIUAM89S-1.: 37^]S7+D^1'NX$6^2J6Y

+%TK QB+A.J*BC*C(@D29BH[T7FH2)
M(TB


0&2[QM'WQ!/ZP!_QVI&2XTF$6CP[% 7A!E9YD/B]

MFK

M@UN!_QQJY&^?$=;]:FTX5(UJ-#WKN$8^.@WT5ZN!^I-H4[-QKT]KQC[E3T14

MJ@\EM7(ZPS*'ZS_!EDS'!*=#K#$DSF2/WU!_ 9P-5

A6DAFR$8\=@
H
MX_)TBF#*Z2G#M)U.1D=L0$T#;3=@.HO_P&C/-YN])/M)W-A]&HI$) GB7A
P


MR\/C+$KVCQ[YU1Z

MZ=01D @)=ZP-0PTTS\H2_\;R]!NM@'/H^S
)EDWO%RX+I







M#J=GN^H1U\[Y$IG4J=&0JBA$[BC3_;S*=GO%@)::







S)KEB80F:#

M8AI!
-&.;]DW/-\6CYQU_ _=!LB*K3CTB9?A-'@V*+ S&$X)[N4%;&P#G5$R


,/R0_B0['L]/DZ608*SI\%I0P
M#F)-9#04$B%W;:E465BSC?4BP\(0;&/T]HT/=DB;G4US:RFHV#DA

M!%_T$8'D?KTO-)^ \9S]22:T7
N8A

3JFZQNGP<%.N;D7;LG?PB1.
M\ W^@0FPFRC.-07C7#*2$0C'F'?5C/P.$#7V-._T_(KS.@OO^K%]-K!T-1
M4W2=TN]B:&B
J1@ :]6N=[ENWB87(+U8A61B[B
47JDI4Z6G%&=68TLRI7B*
MJR6QW5HTO1&:+^%?U*JC'Q58!
&S4-E\9##.[59MZ/ ]3];;MV+$!\Y917%[
MM**$-R01'

XJF00='6D35-*;]6+U]L
UFR[8L4

&O#


F6I_ O!<EZ.U!=I1N_IP!RO





MY?#






[@.^3@(?%BD@



ZAEFPA++%:72^P=O'H40NW@8A8.L5;


M=0ZDU(HHSE[[5;ZD;\2&5W_

MX:#*;;


M.-4YJ9_XMG?(0U

<N3/-
M@V11
P.3 N&[=2<
M1IB*FB0A'?:YO\2




1@W )DX^WZ5B


J2L1\0^M@#
N$^-?B*5-XZ+@


M)GYQ(EE[NR

MZ;HI74RG
*0=.H'N]!V4K[-M3

E76

M#1OM




C-VH]PA(U6-]B8^J:3.;#P; 7C$T%@7 J6*D_4?&+OYBGR/IY
MVODMWI]:QC+RHSD4U
 EYCW# '\N/^8RW*$7XH2'%5_V@DL.X46X2X2-+)K

N;*#W[D*_&!2R'F@!D


EON/L+DVG
M-R
[?S JU5LLX

M
M57X\/&:F$4Q_^/$JM^K$16<4FKH^J:6-M8\WDI6_E TNZ2I8-W
M7*G&0VS[!%PX)/,\Y1V* CS?WP!XUA7K(7%):N+8<K((-FAG0K%?;=<GP#=




A[]F/Y8

RDNX3('

824



MOL+T M

M)27X#(K!MC1J66 P!H4(7BE$L!H7*




HY7Y0CU_LII4D'Q2ISW3/):
M&-Q)\F(T?(L=+YK#F+MK7A0NV82&1:O9=+W-6G'L9*[UW]EE^O$#KDG99C[




#F^-@G^?08%*A]C14-SJN[F+CFLA' \
_50$C
'[(
M/*2/G?KKV(8NU78N4?ZA&Q:RRHF#ZL9C:0R4QEOCI1VYTUGSF@5LK
XX3W


MV/@Q*IZX*NYR!;&@\%1URU
Z0Z8U!
7V)3*EFK_*:KA5=_U-:N14HLGD1@Z@

MP^%UD(3B:Z.5AISU2;A%%\*'O0JXZ';>F
GV4$O&;AD
MH#[MO-*


MJ




M#Y)M!KZU5RPB(*]$0B0&IV4R!$I[JW3$=S$I CU&%]@]ZM@YG/Y.:G_OI)R+
M774FVNOU'D4OR


T+0R1J&_!*


MQ7Y:&JZ[9UTB!HM?@2J\_6^P_?\&V__Q8/M5FN8B&.BJCI;?4BB0RRPK/%@!
M346N1&A3P=1T=22=N\BC4G?6+76X2VNC]:;&ML/SL(&SCBV


)O-\%2_D0QN&6-_^]ZBGE2'$CPR-QWR@&*;A.
Y


M5LZ )FE8Y

#_%:#G;2-4C!Y*?KNW$A@#^;VN_6W\Y07A F$1_M&

 '%XM%92M64&9QR)_)&KX5ZP08SN

;SH@4IKWA


6$1M1C?/+C
M_M T.!IB_*
IQ(_#TY[/L%I]G*%DWK='H @F0O?;=#:B89O?!M 5\-NL#U2S

MQ\!


MQ\B'1).S.1-DOYD:DR'.2#+!_Z

M.)IJ/SF(-N
 .G1'&'FS_ 37L$JK1^K%;B
MM0%*/LE6R^/*K5LCSHIA#.42CA_;61Y.RUU@ 05U+U^VUE2?9EO0_HG1;2P
MF#28LYADN-IL0GK/A'3$)*3I

MCM7
_#ZPLDOXE#GN(SGVTSXQO#'=T




'T)D
MTIF.H0-
25N.WW?XC5VH*&V!5R8XGEB]NBOR GCFZ&660(28]E&_8]H?U;YP

M'KIO!C.H9(
Q)/7!8%(2I4HO?X(?G2.DB?H0/#

2*H?P ]WL.OC^#R(7R*H



ME1V'VWE

M[XTV..:STH G_;Y*88

MF3
C\^0OFI=%+9V5U^7SZJ)4GF3;GORH6YUY:76&8U9.C/@V8CO\*)F+6H8;



MD\

H5VJSD53.Y@G..5J


M
S&=#ZAUBEI(Q +1ZP\XM.=@

MFYXRLYK-^]8R4Q]J

M:Y024E*L



*C?X

:2V'Z&G:L#:?O:BR@*CK7L#
MRY_5'CIRSFAXFR0=
$V
Z7\2I$X'L4

8)

 (:F\&U
+ $P2Z?8HI\L^*1]NRW=TQ/00/)ZLX<][K
M0WG!6T2_I^6:;QB^23KHIA*N4CD)B@H6'N-58[/
S8MECZZJ
X(;]:6&[
5




T


M2


01I)1.&_

MVHTZ[.50I:S

+?ZV.


MHH\\ME^A2EZP]8%]MSH3U:U:Y[L_O?LVIJN(QO4C+ZEZ+0N[
Y[:C1KW:5
I





3+]JY*\[*
MEGL6KOLU4G!)+3(W
O






M[KYUU]!HXCF


*-NK_=8[

C5LB6


_$['2&(,VK!&QI0=3G0@^

?6XT<J0P)2]U@@!6180UDNS<7=T?CT!URZ%
MXG=&V


YSH

0\N6&[0JX!'
MS59^0 -#5A4)SYX1QW':'A41%-QJZ1(ZLVYD1E)!H\U1!(4'Q.@1' V;=)CI
M'\MZA*'X_99$))E-I8Z7IQ!J6+J81*7)HFHD
=J(_3)_**\XF5AE[#HL66)W
MF

\U&KYFZ4-XDKYC




M\UE9& QL;(

NJDL
M


[E)WRO^!=%
M1^@J) +MWKC_DC2$@2#@'X=3\&.H_6FVBB0.=?? [%B:0#IUU*;V([_#T[
M

/+WBAK_;4U096^)?

_;HR1!60Z
MX'AUR5^R1,$%!Y)A8KPN* YSI1(O& /9.K6L3[;G8C,Y;_CA^6C\9HPOG*
ML_$T2
[Q3E#9Z^\?UMHH K0]GFEVP6S*]0W\G44/0\X


[W13TYX 15X+74MX@U2X) ^O

MQ79U B/IHS@)G91

3V *LE;/SB&GZ
MO&+M,1T:O%;B$5NZN$WC90IWT03K63]@$YY[$LBQ[7]HVN-)4#%ZV*)/\[



;KI8O'$.1XGVY6=(.::=&A,?RY?$QM QMX!JS
MN\)-10K7PL.3;$DV
U!-(S!EM6Y
I-)Q&RAKSRW]'T4 $^[

M


M
O:#^%


! 
M83WEG\,!0A9TB0@K E\DF#95QA*O%)0-6DTJ43:8D]V%=PUWYT.Q2I&M7)1
MW'




4+TCZ@5$I'&<'L%\G<F5B]N0PWJ_A:[KG$_:%'8AS;
MO78:F.)#IB_I\0=/2)G[QUA^L

M&B&?

E[G$?;@1FC@C0(\3LY'KG%5F+\&+/DQ3
M9U(F9(XYQ]R-B5,(S))&4?&FTUA$2[IW1?=3$2LOW/J!(P8L+!7&)( [E

-@=1R)..*(8S\@Z!) 88C@!;T
MY,)6%-T8GDF&\8H^-!0A1BHU80GUTDBK$' N@-8.H;;MJHMK[J,DG. =GF_








;(7;@%U4D^L :#4'23@E?HYO0
M+$C*:C?]A.?+P7P80'=TE]EP
0DS+6U$J:K0A7
_=YBTI63C 5H=D:_]QM6


:T^3YG!^M7


OM=Y0'F\_!Z=2/K9[*0_Z.FY^*0)GK:9

N.+;5)QQ6L2XXO7Z\WZQW2'USPAR4J?R]6*W
MZ'1_VT@V;;U8Y-YUY$8O_^W\JB!Z_K_;O/+N*(=8.?!RK^-$WH.TS6O(6BR'
M=$.P]*NXX'A'[),X 'SHZ,^WV=:<4!DSHC  Z%_?D:DCOWK;8[<3_LGY)]/

*J@



MIEGUH9@8IC






T

8DF1

*)22DH56V
MEB/ $.Q\9'L7$:' VIHVN:(Y^DU);!4$V\?4%R(.AH?)V.CHT4LQ/JIP?D--


/APZ
M@IJ!R^)%O9B@NQCD*M1O90V_:6ZEGG_]192?(T6)P]W%V5E;6T$G.6 MB&GP

FSB
M*.=(#
SNB7S?223FM1VB$2TXH:5.#_I7Y\#$)B?]08-4\NT96J& &HGQ]'\_
MVEY(H0TCMN14.I$X.[FMSBK?&WWL@6 $:Z_!QLBP^*'/RK%G%5\
\=I%.+CR






$]3%=



M1$.&91PQ^V



#C*CE)Y?

T)_?-8HGKDG-I4'36FSV
M.Y3!1(SX][7U=KO/S(9OK9H:2IH:BO_9[KIW!K&04SY^UK[!+#-=*
Z2(YS


R=TG59^\
K!D_(?B@G

M:JBZH 4YSJ
WS5\7ZY


M?O+U#L6&MGJ'Z#9'VXYLJXU1P=9Q\X[


ML*)7&J*U076^2ET)OGA:

B@$F;\1E=74].0


M4$&FHUITB0B+NB'&DM/:O59)3&OW6B4IK=UKE82T=J]5DM$J-W=]\-GB23%M
M2LXXN9\/DW-2$P)W \^)D%%FW!/XTD3
^Z&AD([U'!)&K]M94-JJO'X91J
694 QC0O3%4WQ_'1OF!<J*2<8^SNOG.(ZHLO$F



M
#XPIF']F.CMZH?1@?I-CIJ:C(RR(;2
F]:@R(9=_FR+62@ J&TC+''T5%YD
M(SC;&

O=28=2-K
M#'.8&

M#B'];4- OJ]L492+Q?UBF2'&/QY8:DN8F



M;\F]



5.

@



3K*[/


M_K@6?[_]:C6V'[VI1P_BQ^P\)1L)FN$GFQ#PHYK[_?;\\
!^](8?-X(?L]MA
MKM7S;7O;=G^__3]BA#^:$)XXE!]#$:_R34-BYW%O_WZ[6QG'C][#Q@Y_S$Z]

M3DM&$U3S=K=)MP@1MT8_VC$'3L):&-L%@=P-Q6_)*/H
NMU#^M=#BE2$PAN)

M?RPKDH8Z40L/\?0\&Q1]!YDB4I^2]CVANF16D28CQA6C.-LO\X?RBI-31L:N
MPY(E1D5

9W0$@%Q5[2K5-D%I=FW






W=ZC+N6<7%G7#+P2=#(3512Z0/%^#WJL7AZL%XO72
M





M]L_?_EUF;O9G( $.=?;%HVB#52$U0M@U.]CS\$N
6!C(W]Z6Q/4TKN^=E2$X
^(


MJT3(6J SM87! 'V DJ&T\K;H%54$O:8XKYY52^_#T7'!*Y&HJ?1O$)6$65%.


M?ND
[&Y=[(83FDL[7%/5]X?U5





M%31^*XT'
WUBZX?3RG_8Q  V8.3%W:/%*?LWSKN2_&H1''_X8/QF(=1$$K$
M^;Z^XN7A7IYO-VM:_]'+].\DV)K^_XU46S.WX%T&\L^?^=Z-[;]PP?_P\FI


MVJ8LMX;K:0$ZY


%M3PPS:9;227;[Q5!!&

M3_N


V

MX;GA;95 VV^[SNXA77_5J





-BJX?4=@E#

M%D56(V'&U[)=%KNDX-WMK=_SD-;7L+\?]IN

#I]MN_B:13:NOWOH]'6W3POE;;N]D@Z#6L%::Q_+J'^]WNS


M+]S\
4/M;D





M#/B5!)IF)-O\;+J:]IM13_0338@UE(WP +4]/@X65 65RVG8G242O;.B5DK
M9N%KQ_UCT'^9; LJ!:J^[SW;-P6G/NH=V@1MLNF)I)=V^VQ  O2[;$ V-'M



1/7U)=]]





']QD#MV9;#ERJC)K8&=]3D




8CG-]



Z=S8-=
D6E2X(%

MMUR$1FZH






M6F#Y28 NTPQE_KP*3=+Y4MQ/_
 X#&GZ*N(U*7(SO@WSK=9 9N$=67QHS?%
M8VX\;\BMT-:;=5GNDWSZ]SJ2F.XW#-$-YCLRIX)&1F.C++/U=5&9Y#:PB#H


MFFWIH[L;;7#B V&$3@6(VYB@H*7+@CB%95W4W.EEM$42:S-^/K9
2E&-!X

$:J3'-=J$B

M\V0'LD
$:B S<FEC^UD^?KH+%C8O/F


O





$
M%     @ Y(#13E:




MG\'=\WF@/D*1^H@7Z:*S\LY


;



M\D4[(V/$S

6V3U+
M5Q(DDH1]^-&V+C&8'CD/CDD87;(7X,P5IKFF_-N(^NQ79?BNC5WYT8UHIB



M^3KZ*(R9XA+%1-[)F+T#
?TF1][)F+U#\TDOM]PW.\6$*RO
WH&8?FTB[V3L
MXQR$F5)
Y)V

E#&
M;R:! 

Q









!UJ?683C34R(D7X(
M?!CY/K[D4S
C^?+F53M<-P_69
V;;YW)2'[IHOXR_[KC\WP_BU

^\F\=?UK:7

MBKE=[


 O26







M2
THIF845#.*JAF%U8SB:D:!-:/(*BFR2HJLDB*KI
@J*;)*BJR2(JNDRHI
MLDJ*K(HBJZ+(JBBR*HJLBB*KHLBJ*+(JBJR*(JNBR)I39,TILN8467.*K#E%
MUIPB:TZ1-:?(FE-DS2FR%A19XJL!476@B)K09&UH
A:4&0M*+(6%%D+BJR:
M(JNFR*HILFJ*K)HBJZ;(JBFR:HJLFB*KILA:4F0M*;*6%%E+BJPE1=:2(FM)
MD;6DR%I29TILE8462N*K!5%UHHB:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19*XJL:XJLZRO*
M.A_3WK3#OY+\',?#RWPQ_^/H]C=02P$% 
4     #D@-%.'R// \     3
M @  P              @ $     7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     #D






M A0#%     @ Y(#13G5(_A^U 0  T@
  !D              ( !=RP  'AL


YX;6Q02P$% 



O

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D@-%.&FB@)[0!  #2 P  &0

M   ( .2 T4ZHCN-4M0$  -(#   9                1 V  !X;]W;W)K




M2P$% ,4     #D@-%.PUY 5[0!  #2 P  &0              @ 'F.0


M


  !D              ( !?T
  'AL+W=O


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D@-%.Z3;6 K
!  #2



M  ^W 0  T@


M970R-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D@-%.C\D8
;D  ![P  &0


M971S+W-H965T



M% 



U+GAM;%!+




M-RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D@-%.W:UB;.@!  !F!0  &0

X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .2
&PO=V]R


M4$L! A0#%     @ Y(#13H=DRRCE 0  ; 4  !D              ( !TG


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D@-%.C80^




M='


M Q0    ( .2 T4YF)
8;P,  -4,   9                :R  !X;]W









D'   9

M A0#%     @ Y(#13L[0Y891!   @14  !D              ( !AJ(  'AL



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .2 T4X'V]I%E0
  


O

4     #D@-%.#7GJ.L$  !&'0  &0





2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #D@-%.SW[)5GP#   '$   &0              @ $XP@

'XH5
MK@

M-C

  !D
M ( !T



4     #D@-%..(P=9YD&  ^

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .2 T4XM;GW*R@



M970W
YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 


U72)P0




M+%._L6





M
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D@-%.2E










4

M 7\O @!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% 
4     #D@-%.EN&EJKX   F







MQ&UOQTVO \-ODT$T!BEX_1CEX_K@VBN-GWFH#RS&#S#XH?'UM&626=KX^B0=

AYL_



*:

;A









MSP

NRO9_TK'B:#




M:?JH:=CX
6]13GC2

M3PV)X&GR\#BB?UBOC*KXAIDZ3C^,?XI 3Z&OAGZ3_+'9]_\3O4*$
R?C)_
MJ/Z2#
W?;I
O6;8_Y/(H+DWWY9'3S]C5]6?Z3\C<<X




L\'7BQ24VOJL0&RP*
-A8DZ/1*./43)\D^KH
M






M_

MJ/EL@]:0\T3XJ0MG

/6L596][6A.Y+XBN1ZI:1A%IW/X_PE
MY&\@WTT\&D'XXR?%.$^^3*;/TJ$W?  .PY_@Y6]Q\.
1F-6SU

MOZ*R!GZHB.(FCAZ2T; ?HG.8@&)IR?U




M.[0;\?GZ99Y(/
Y]%F:/B
Z*QW59CQWK.:UX7$VEYBP'CIX+?R9%DL9%X0T



@3

2




MI]&

]LB
ML8P\
2/YL6K/US-R

W.P9



Z[GKKG?RJS:?=]E^=J=]







M-+O



MKEGF+=SITV;*2J3R
)O%55N*VB_,&(EG)[J)D6PQQ
MS1BBU*Z3;1F[:^UOY<9PWT8W\=Y^71G8;Z
\^SM$ETGSNF$N#/-.KL0YVTC

C.%G=Q8/S\5GB1I7@X?[@B!N[@'QQ6F2WH&?_),+(!8
M$-T6XEC\T$7\8

X&EKXL%2Q



N _/:;@_7W.VA


WN[+6Q



M3'L&;$N!*]G0/8!0S;3


M6+P

MDNX+B_?/5%\V


_Z4%%^7












OSI\M#(C38?4Z



M\J

RU2X
B2LOK90PQ<&ICW=E/SJ[DIO(%\S_)4I]^)!+E3MY4OR+:X
M!-F^%!?6!T'NA$4^BM1**[56:GN%(_R9U/[QV?^SR
=_?HK2NYF(F?]ZEZ3)
MP^2A'[($$_YU/OU7OYG_7)K_\?@#/


$\&HQ7C%'3

M0UG-
4#-8+MI!C^&9@BK&58S.J<9?#?-$%<.*UF7(UF= %-]<AG

M#BN=5G.L5N24;/3C(KE+Z^/?9^FP?!0/^Z5O;;19V5AN(
Z!I+F9M
\_WT#;

+R!VL


D2UGOXS\J8UI^V5;


M?J276V[6E71+%1N@Q84)_8[@Z4(9;(OU+P!FV*J&?BF=K2'JEFVWJG9YJO:R

7 ES41M6YVJ1:'&[CWJM5NO
D


M7








Y+*9Q,O?(;.9Q&OSKY=6
MLF2]KVB.G&PUT
ML;46%PJ]KOY(@P5?
_!ECS3T8B/WVF



MHCQ_ @9\BA^S?!P/O8=L CRL1OM)

M03%.'J)Q_.%V/N)Z)&.7Q??79NPC%M9F=
]F=


@#5N+F/\KCPTJ$?W\9Y#G\89X.OOZ?)
MN&=II:5%OOH-5OGK#JL\'J^!G_G8!Y$KC0!][:#Y%^?/%@;$

OR]17AJ)Z\


/XZB
[8
M)1K\A2)DL?G9L/F:/!C%W58<-0;<'3B364K&;V1C$[EA@Z!7ZSSZ8+SZ:25

#BW Y$


7Q.C8\2VD['];)
MXPNGL9F+#;=

M(I5\[;CG/B(I_^GV@50@)F(GJ4+.:XP.32K4$U+MJ(#\*3_2 50KLI(#HX
MJ40_I&I'L\Z/(56B'U+%=Y

LR[Z 1;$;F#A$+AJDB8E
MG:)!
H+9+A+I87;'T+3/;/6\^E+U[/G;YE


_&PP3:#
7O@X
M]3DA_*W8A@[
#X0(%488





MY]GW\;W90HS2;?B

ML3BOI1]=GL_'R9=1




GG&N0BD]
-(-4K/XRN_#70?J4F1I'&QE6.2F&)72TIUA2L
M$_PB_+@G'
_S7!DV_?CB3RS_^G]GHTD*X=Q
?+;Y??
[*L2!D@$/P
[X?E Z

X@;;C&X.MH&WJ'RO
MZ<(* Y=Z82B$X[@A _,.1D(2H<T_! 8WN*I]UG_[V^_;%C0?FO&)U@S#A#G

M9K^4!UO;[ !)7S(P/H[G:D8HY5Z)&SW!A20UVC




[ <G^/\P8^_C&NW#*[\0GWARSLYR$N<J1DG#*(
M



_#


M.CO ]WL:C4;F
('I35&]:0X]%.;40[P[^P0LVPF0[V((183V0\[+??
@I WL




O
%X$HW


P&WDSU1SK.)^_M]C_:Q.[R&+J5R,!
M0BM]04.)D1-R56X9N6 ;-&ICE]/*K^/0_3H9O8L2+G(5<Q8ZG :88D=3-TD


M.^Q[E72I@HC79PY& KL*\3+YQ(#+I

MS1@OE)[+VI SMGSNKN^E@G(=8JE5()D(
?!85R=H%#CBJV+JS6Q_L#.9R 
J





=S[R
MR10/(;H(P :Z%#N.(++,YU(E\=)&ZNR0(55+RYG^[D=<CW3
^':F)U1
IP=
M_A_'#RL=:K+\



MZ*N.(3)!'%D[=
QQ7^S?(2GZ
1YO0TS']2FB(@IX!0C





6L-5Z3 5TG*[;VC%V!':8\SH9&+7$=!%%DAXD+
M6O(



5C]%HD#N)/F:R?0 5HB32]E



E43 5

9PYY.HM'[



#Y02TI;Q[





8#$^RDUW\%GN=IK08.^0$)!04



3FGA4)P+&ZZ$*%0GGUBZQ.

S][-0SEY)QAU/L5;N*$F$E


MI*IM#(G%RKFC+N5

17
M0;8-*AH&TTT^X1.B'4\Q5[

M@H-RW44

M&;X?.%(P$S5![(VDN76DVG@/0[4(Y\L??YICR6UGM;J*Y34&/QZ3? JBW\/

(!M6CJA5?WZJ]_X\EJVF]OJBOX[

X

N1


M-)A]IRG G'N9JJ;*




M*:Y^%XTGTU+.




=U\


(KIRF)4K)6UD5H
M30$.


M@81Q=NN-%[?'=91^S./'Z&FC6J]LV6M/2[!(2(''0*%T
:VNTM3473IG4]50




BA#@*$S86DP@E8
M(

M'7.+!08$A*0!?BHT1V:08AZ1Q

M$-T2I&Q!I_*TRZ=I #&M$;[-\H?IY
M'ZP^+O:#SZKKZ.H\#^H#_1Y@&KCG[

FE


M#VUT+]\&F[O*BX76)[XG0#3EWB,\K(.@%X';K)H[B*R+EEH[G..4'N=:
M


A%ES(HJ$!M$C]:LN'/PB1V%.:O(W$?/9@V3]-7
MO3PWQVRG*WMZ?J6L8P 3E0^#?T^2\=/S+1#%M+CC\WTTS;T!68&TW^)\' __
M%2=W]__'OQG=!?_'3X]-MFO
;<3;X^CO0J('2BUNSIFM2Z/B*.3Y#$, P(LN*&^5X2*\0NCI0;6JU\,^B
MW*'M O5ZS,GG@M9\*J73BS,,.]=S+M#:,160OA*^


MGB
[:


::\='N+J#






PW9J*0+3N#9_RUA1Z^W7@IW7
_
M_N?8[%-2?%TB9G5;E;E_M.I/OJFYI^3$E9@CY'#/=;BDS@S# Z['J'Y1@UPF

G#WH:H+Z](!T.-1-WDH6R1\@*A]




MBG&I. JUE-P#AZM065F(D7+\^@UPQ&&+VTQ'6\89Z+2NAPU32K)0F%9)C&AS
M3VYUNEA!($/J31LAZ!&GHE-I/GZ%3YD6&L7'Z
DTDIB].MY-(
SUBU(+2HB+
MB+F/3C-P?DK 




(C2]\F00.(#)F9FT$P12
E:O^B9N Z6WG?1S




J$M=B+^XT* %U8P=Z==K;AU2)_9A9[RAUA&C4$)L
M&?@ZP(CC
/0$FM-8NO7SWEC68J3M9FP*K9


*V'G)+4

MSL$':\01]0



M0%FH
=

+



]P






M;!+I!J!XW
&F*PD$_2[A57$; 2'A]0MG)#CV?E%A^S://' (4D8($D40CV




M.F!VQ?[1X/8S7@
T N5ISZ4 
(3G




M9 AJH2 R#B!P#T



.3X*9=;ZHAGD*AN96\(KTO
MZKER]((X?+M5[#)[I7QSD)9KETLO*D0DE8(U0_6@V+.;2SY?3WJJG1@6#:

$

Z*N(L4
MHXZ'E(

$L TA^'5(:!
M(E6F4@5N_=K$
Q%('EN;A





?





MM^)&+B9U
[+EB@Y$!GEX

%H]C1$GM8HT!014SZ^<H#)R&<PKP6S5%VZQEA<O_0BL
M-_Y?F::


M'N/]2S0,5Q/($-)S6E5J2%40T[@^YAPQHD'ZD7KH-M%]6+LPR_[6$0U78'+
M7E[? /ZF)R P9J%D3 I O8XPMQHSDS6B(00Y =&LH5O($:E;7__1*+T8'!^=
MR)0I'( [$(?1-GQ7=

MQ'1 $=(T6G:!U$[(?!?


6







W6404=E1%'V-S!%J033 PMK@=6P#ZSJE



ML68?]+A-R@L&-GT=L.I&:2]UJ@V0
6_R1ZFYU?4V%

7$6
*@

;I^L
4T

M
E.*V@:@- [U $@]ZC+=%+@7?W ELOR6R



MOBF9=^
]Q8RU+='

M]_%.R;?URV7W3V^\V8R/O__


M)GSN!:O%.%.;B:



=K


MD








M)
 UM
YA
\RLRH&MLSWEUG9U?/
H?RC/K9.SR?7)A81VPX?$)T]^.[]=V2+&

@ECFNQ
M4'P3=_

M]9I3=(W9

MQP(P

&4L_;WUG7=8YEP;(&11&2UC-JALRU#8J$(E


A\BW]K#4Z


I)5H+.$8SV&:%6O?<Z<.

FL$7%Q7K1!4Q




;(,
M$JYDR4K4:FSP!:WX$U8C0U1YMHKM4-PMNDX:(XLA9:QY-@F)=L<BI<@2!D_




MUQ \:W+XPBK&X&LJ1L!;9'2QK=_VC]-.#/:U4 )9NM5N\TZS_JGGO4(C&5^X
MEK8%EHQ39' X-=;J:S^SF





M %TJV X?.IJ56UG]I-NB=^Y-J^ $W&3=^EFR1\5C
LG'5'I[S&8A:-@
O6T@
MXL

<TVE3[
MG=: ;EYTN!K])HLEW?@'24






WS

*#(FP?MR23$GM9

V-1EF7273AT;+Q:^Y;(K2#+.7F*
4$-):8Q\:OBM%NR1662'PFG


F4%0IS\=G4]
MZ58R[-&)F^K$4:E@=6R+!2B'=\+0G+]V]L'/:W:Y!6

MH+

 X!CKH


@?M2D
44?(


X$6-+=A/
/$S;?Y*;7+@D=8=:HU0I59M4E\ZB:88&H)%3\*ROG]N
9=F


PL*ZU\9#UZ9MYM%BR$4
M8SGER#5%;V#LG^1D!7%
7Q%Q3-Q:7Y-*2-Z9)&Y5RY]U7H_1G[*A3*FA@F42
M&5OGSG&G
F+6;09==C62!)/5.M;CUE8KOOK #.
1)3




]!




S00H





 [YYT:U[Q0IS0$6&6MHR)4$=XS8R7Y!FH7ST;\*''5V[







MWO']IAZ@!_7:*




MLHI


M3

MI[2MV:(VUB2


MVAV3]K=1



MECA#7$*MSE-





M46QGJ5XMB$7







M

LVO?6&FFY75A)%4IP8(U63@$!Q^&Z*:\(.QRQ% =[
MDO?%JK7U*P(*J
YOL7K]\0; W
M:4=9@ZAZ*+H]_ZX@KJKOUIB<+KO7-XNY4V13F4V$PGC1%T<!##;)7J-WA


MO9?59]/V'4M

(D2DUN*;;-!N


K@FKMSH\_\?A%6TAT

M/#*

MM4#.B*Q!B[UVZ_1+SZ[:K$FX !#)!11U\KJFA=54:-JQ:JIMJ]FL*[D7CC
MOC^BB9%U#*'H4L@:4*/O3\'DU0HICU\7CDAPEC$'C(&*R]EY;=R Z(E=25UZ
MW=MCA/3CS\2KR[-W/S\KMI/_%Q4E4^0.6Q.2&OP\H2V^B_PUPC$Z^BVKPIOP


M+N/
0LPIKCC*Y5TGWH3G3Z7XB.(_P*@2((

R9_T=N^O=]Q7((*U)+W



P

.MQ)58(;V)-/ZL&JI7ILXCJNV"YV
M=;E[[=P_(N5X$P%+#-IF<,&T!;0^Y,!^,!V.,-;51C:_*;4X'AFV#?%5V6)2
MX514\(*7A@ONJ\J=#!GWF?AYC2C?VV^7+=$LP2N+-<8BL -!&R#2EUT71M
M.9;V6<YUZKQ)F! 59IRC2W!3X%=%&#+\O?M)U'NM]#]TC7@3OI^M IU#
M,BF!XA@UCGNK''GH2S[?NX<C^\J952S!+E$6/Q2;NA)--!]-]MEIWC Y_

!DQ28D6XHJ





MK$K1MR3N]A3EP
(.N




M)W#F6=WWY=W]+_I7]9VR-(_YJS#S\
2R+X?T5HN55^(7/ KA$I)1JEPLH4

*Z

MW1U37C'^EYC!V


M.&YC'*2
8V\TH_R;;BSO&^;K*YJ


M+FXWPYU*K$4'IP7Z%6/0N*$;#ZU+MLL%+/&NM!^FK/^T!C4$T
HKP7ZE N8X


MQW;
;%SJO?T2M9[;9
MQHW8RIHU!

MIFY*C


 G1*5MG-;
M&6/(IFC*D+Q@G7V_@'N_GOB(0@/-0


6[F*


M*8+=


E8W=W!![TX4


M
&I]G)Q4IA1*)N+
 @-PG

MUNA#5].U7RMX3]B$1T7S3FUD^25V#'



M+V;DVQ+)^K4QUA+YV +AE$H)S=_X#]6R#V07 4('+ 4MIQS94447:1+55=


@
XT)IX_M!3G

V1G=(J1DJ=QHPZ'3.:M
MLG#]%'% A92870HM5


MEX



)0D(X8(-O(W9


7;])-M880R)JZS]\1
&DM* D _
MU/ 0='*[28YH&

^0E-V#?FP^+7

1$#2V]V(1+V2]LK

M/K8Z2Z$\GEV=_^G3R

5CDPE[%2.2*
M]L6

M!9Z.J7K\9/SR^.6_GXMINC[]].7/DS\F%\_QP/B9[R]_OY
_VCX +YS0DU_Y



NSZ9X\E9? N





V6/Q+KX]

:X/6*W*D)
JSEC5K*5%!.NI[P\T_HWYNH



M]V8C9$VN;PG8/

MLCI&B4PS&@/))&L1

MQOH:A)


-[VI<-)KZ?O-$MNI&QY +%Z^BK
MJ+OS)D

9.UVNK'KCW%M7M4LMF'-Z(
M1'8.*&HDSKI53D5FZX( NJ'@#3D_BE]=D_%D8IE@[Q

MT_B
S7V#X]%9G:^.;'E3'$LH$JJ*-6[-N@6 @FN/:R.21%W#P8KAK'S).#

MFY.183@AQBOB]@$-#6WMF&.-NV
M:5?K [BC$



M]


M$M!RJ
9$&G=/()MHNE!X#[Q9W
:Z/=6Q8HZT8Q\%KZ)QP(I&]E@=L;-1'RSW
M0^T/D4$;41XVK4&$E;?HLG6JVG%W%V+K?=@B=[YZF9MQJ?7/D].+DYN;\]_.

S GM7BBGM^KO2
MIUMJHHL8&$([9DW#L.K.% RW2O6VU8*/DBEV+FE<%RC3K%@
6+C/6IO'BQ%




5B[8^U45
M*..U551T:V=7-0[*9
A0Z!OTCI+\[5Y(5Q0Y2T1BS;2-2G@9AZEI8NKZ8D2[

/Y;8.-Z
MEY(UE5(DVLW!5UTSI&'=F$0\HKO=FS.+OW8*M_GGR6CS1 ?W)[=RW* 5M6
MMB=S




38BZ9Q51U20P[4_-GGW24\$^3ZU\^G5Q/VH/[Z3+^
M0S\+;PIG!*7B_3\$3-!@25V4?_?&8Y_ZE_^E;X#^'K:J4=9XZS\5_CK[+-Z



M



M34O 72.ZD'
5:.AMSH_C*

MH^52Y-02YX36@YU;&805-:SPV_[KSS+IS6UD$!8ALA*\!H*;7S%@-6&3?S

M$P0QCE1E#11B-[CT@WNYT/9U9-T_[+1GCE]/_CF6RIU?WHG^?GVE6$8#\2F.


JF#(\N4A


MM

R% M
4GHVTD[X+/-HV[=\BP\M.9H






MGT8:ZR^_TSP&'K@S)5:P8/.W;9L^ZKA:&L




M^P
'C


756
Y







 @2




V9-6QP*WS%.&D&SV4AII0XW
(M-BM:S8=RK
MW^\^C2G3^_?U\C'&U:@$IRRD$$7)/^5]PFEE87(4XBGS^Z$8W)8+:9 1\


0ZA
M'OE^16!*ARA85!JD8+WS<G6*-WF$:\D)5/+SX8;RF)
7ZG[=?REHQ3J=C3Y
M4#IO%A__Z[Q[?W?SZ_A].W-@_PN^Y89] YN[HFSLOJOM(9MTX\G\S^GL]N/R



%(P _7E2%.Z1C$XJHM5OHEEHL-:#Y]9)D:3 W#LSY!A]*B?)
MST3F2:\TIYO+C?+) IG!X


GEPE4

Y

MJ3*Z4V&\G1:LX4B@:+KPABC:F_J]_$@-)VHL

^BI)-


M
X'TFK


KX,H
M7;X!LE6Z9I[,VB!;M'L.[5OIQ4IC:]5FO H9^DE(QED2U:]=UG.Z;@
_KZX

MG_S\-(
5$&)!&H? 

TX)@:6]D
MR4#B23HCG73]. \ZY*SI EA)[%

M/_KSIV;&=Y

ML8*?F(Q!VW?S!M)





MUVB I+VH'[A

M*

2@;:G
MT2N5H#'OBFG=.
_^.V]


M%JN:!X3M&%I7Y'1


MJIOA(X6Y[2NOP38FW(JA]3 Y%E%:E5R@)$%8!76&20YN;45ASVO#3V5-I-







M%(IZNS(=ETIYYIG-'$ (8X+$VC[.R(-LH$2#%!V(C;7]_LD&+04#I+16)$GJ

MW97


MVAT[04'%2UB!X 60UO$0



M_ UG&514$%R
EO0LE=3)TS$Y+]K1
F@&R];2LS?AI[$WJ)F7$@-'985:]+.Q





MD

%O.Z2+II*WOUPN6%:=MFQ1==W6(
MBV777W?M
F(6)B0=2S

MK&[OW
!+
12:XE
*XXW+LHQI-Y+R9!V^X
G_KQS[T'H_O 7-E!$6AH*P
MH9RF8#197E=5Z-@6@SDLEUDND^VA@5Y&CI^4V6#DQBB


M^G

X
8T,1Y

5]0DZ!C-98F ZX+XU3 NI&_-NTQ/7%\BUT
U'1:2
MI/BM[




/Z?!C*
M!ZX

MRKJ]YUY0LE@&EN\M*9)/: H^FSBV580=@I4A]$_R;





MZX8+Y+2S1DUX*GYV@HMW
A\;)V.WM.\:ZF1*
.R*?


MF14%.J2\BUO3=AIW])W. &MV'RTF=(]W[L

MEAJE 
J 

PLF:V?AN2_UZ^Z*/4*;TRFA?L, 32TK5)W:Z
MWKIMD%(-+/+C[[\Y74/+-F19DRNU,TG;F'V9O.J#=%#TKUL_M(5W(6NH; 4


K6:.:2_H'O+LA631\@J


M!CS9[#%Y_

A:)2^O,JMZD-O(95,RAS7_V[QK&7*\ZMY^[+K;7Z=7HR<#KT^^SL-7
M'QIL,\E&CLIA2@< ART=35:Z;AN[O*Q]55?.SJ3TNIRD% XZ;$$@]R3WK
MFD1[XVR+P$H^?6M.?RTCJ)/K\M


W3L1.I:2/8L-'?D_7AI5UR@8D-M2S4^-180L/$\FY!:COT
MF3_H+T8WNZX&,C+8P)A'GBLM
+Q^A 9*9.K5A9T^VUDI =*!UJ @W@LIB
M *))RB;*RN6JD]RVF(96+D=KAR)T:../YZQ45BFF3!3$8;2NUJ6T$;Z%E6J:

X@MA(#D#)JS'2!I/_+7R3E1@$NY1$*&9.J-
MDF5UY.(90$?#VG4*0$E[

M5H$)+8HIX\V 7TO#MA2N#2N3$C8% 2;3!YT-$$G!*#M/G%
TUZ9$7

M??+3V6SZY_WC%?W-
];OT


) CJ5HNV!F@ZJ](^L@[5:\;VW)FUM6&X]
MQ0



F[1L^(@O(\4

M3
]FZBB(


M.

DH+


M?NUF;VY&DX*1

6'J)@0Z:$_V(JFS[GI2=Q4GM+
M;M5BD,VEM^89*)1^#A^S90Z,#[J^\]LRX-WD1]@HW$D%L 7V_H8H(1(*ID%
'AEL;GDE\O\T/; F*S!&*2+AG
*8G@%
M5]$%H;)]C;8-C

M


M-;!-9/:$@*TI:Q..^YZ[

2R=!\L Z4XRJF

NB.:

MY4K%'I2MC\M=

M)M 4B/?&N.RL:&_K ?D;6'NB0G!

J\UF7]3+JZU96E&$IF.7[6+3WD#)+8[
C;*V*V#691^S<$XBLP !
MF6;BN%&BO
8K
N=G?*UJHX1)$R8POXDK+N$X5TA3(E$P^L;;[339EW#\+6



&SNX:F/

YPPL4?K%
M@DT5'
90;M%.&#2M)Z=B8HW6L
Q#%%[Y5$!60B S8.O-0FY;7 VCFD:O8[.Q

OKZ1D.LV!+*



M[V[O9MUOXTD9)7TS^KI0U7C7[3239B/ 0_!1%DB-A'A 14$-7=MJU93C=N.



M

M=SKQTNIV22=SJ99':I&3+@AB.87R_A5B10..;2M,^?/$B_;6&0L2R4UW&4
M2G)I^X50(4LO4F

KCTH-XDS=C6)$\8LKPPL)MC

7DRIO;-3!T# !2
M.C)LRJ#-K/9-@/5V'0#SSV
YLD7+SFLT/$M#@96(**RLL

^S.94Q

MLI BKL.*^WDL1[9I&)2Q)NI@4ADF0U?Z'^\QI@2IU'F*&-_MV6QETRB=1(\1



M-_KGFS)4



M7\O-QG-RS/&NN.=[F&5?*.R(BD&


5QA?6SN5-H6DZV?X08B;%
M*MO.2A'09:T_5J.6

G@FK)4
 QI


M9?Y+)QVD2L!KW[-D[7P]-BL3?US1#JTYT$PS()WWSCD3?&*UONA02&C\RBNP

M!TIP)$A;X:XBIWBK/=!-C?FII?H]GO3.R2O('+R1$@U]RP@!;5W(N5A*U
+^



3^SFE+N7OW@]^U:Z
B14'ZL:[Q<Q0--G0%%H!9D#)2







M9 =GZU)E;%\#VC[5W;5;;Y4_VW+_-MX/N/\?P?3Z2ZV#1&.O\'R370%YR1

MD)1$(5HI

M.]ON*-VF&?ER?Q\35T\&&:$94)G##8%%FOWGN$6XBT5]N$5M_W

M@K(M'3Q)6RH
.M096-E6B'S;8I?+TWHY^N(0F=4! 1M$I.NFQ#W:C#'+8=

C_&[%PN]R\HJ;SCF4([


_W^:6VC=6VJL]TCWLN3^_DR_:@#61?I


M-BU!]2-&);V%%?-;N

M



9


M^05(:Q]@ .VY]3$P&Y@N/M:IOC&FY^Z[5]_09+9M:N%.4_Q8I3!A,3(NVJ

MC18N)





H)C3?4PH5/!M@G$6





MMUPFQZ

-^U\(I;P7=6U0H;$X0




ME#OKFO29%TP0GAVG#
3%&/HG$I\




M2!P

C2^=/W[[M!
MX&K
SJ;2R6.=IHA]


'JP4:DQZNJ6OQ



M_.'

H3^^81)F:2H)N:K2V1C*(


M





QG;MK;S\6]
MSWZ=]J!OCR]=OQZS?&S)J9_0#@B1.6J3E$47Z-=@;&U
;Q!7;<3F8HT-Z2:\IEI$V2R=1W7U<
M(ZQ#FT)X0PV'VA JI
*

S$ 5A$=O(0JA@Q%&
MD4-/O%^:G%(0O'DG7E'//29+]469N%X08\)P@FI5Y/)WVTF1EBN_'C.Y'A



1V)ENY
I'@&G(NF
M=L*AA6R.1/;_/[JYZ[81]M
DW@KNT#+C-5WHS 49HS*5;Y5


*26MD#8+*Z
(LD[

M5Q$WC03;T7=0UH: %7*6V@D**;U%3^D*F#K!X'1PS=OSJ_9!ZHS
#0VFE+E5




*^:%H9VLW9?JO\Z[]W<WOX[?/XNZN&A\_6,T^=##6-#O?AO]<_SI[M/2
MP^6SW\-_?0*$4:?Q[?W(
1OI^]OR5 \-&-_NXD6DBA84)0$!RU0&57AC2R2

7QC[Q*E43_[V^CJXWC2S;X^_EPC$XV4RB3*+WT.]).UMMYR
M[QF%TB039-^/4.XAK+_=E6?_;2

MGAQ;EQ(H%-)%S!9 


(?:]-O4 &TGG--.4%


YD-*TLZE YD9&T&-/4-.=D6..$5
ML.46RN]?P(?W;D);8*4H8 1E@)QI%+63DPG1[B]NEO3^$$+?P[L5
)X84&@9

(?0_G!B$K
MD-DJQ9W/*JI0T7#!*=4VPOQ0HMW1N4E6\(HRW=1R91D 
ZI.?'C7HG:^:O86

%C 2D\7X \

2

DRG)/IH0)
M
JD@%=BFX71GGN?=:';UT4THKOK2W4P7A?R!Q8C/350\F8&]Y__FYGY8XF&Z

S

X&/J!\9').2-02&:5Z4<JL
M^H$#P0I,=Q/)BI,H?/'I5_VO3^?$5
LG6J


DWYPDA 9+IVE
N1IDX(R
(*)=GTE)!20E!22 IP6[07U4 ;;LC,,?B_='<)W#(B#;+E#53-O(^?N:J

I9X7U*V7



M/+A0[.;V;.



\67$27M$A&2;JI#B@PHY]JKI0HT6_J91?D18XE

H7?!H1



M\S&VLY9NR8M)=W&:X,ZJ*#K=E866L!#6,!O_MCBWG)C*\?LO! I.U5@/3I


MQ;T
48?1XO8=__X*#9AD,)&;Z3S=(5K); LTVX\'H7/[://Y'I(_=T//^&


I2:#CX:'=#4.[X8AN^@L5\9MN-+DC(=Z2

+

I
M19Y'!'@JHDU\5?3J
! C@Q0OXJ_XKR\U[$



 FX

M#U1Q9S5-![XSCW6@B2V!!SK-EU(!E X'-]*15N %R2ETYX]P*YI6]TX-&4K
MTB:',LU#I (@676;1MQS$-C8,G#:K%).2=#MR'FQ%#J.4^.:/.!V0,F\BS





F%#U:*H (A .&&;BT8 O8@1VX
M@K9E/C@1G6

%ANZS3L5 5
8B)*TW*



V0&SN3HS
MQIDC
6O3)(C7+9G.U-GJX=%&OIP*0!&Q!55I@5[ $)@&CDE
3QFRS*4N[OH(

MS%S'/!)A$NQFB8(/R8]IQMH W4QQ'P?#D5@$B/2*:2 #D.A&J$YU
U39NZ
MG =L16('&N31HC7-@EQ52A6I% [+Y)18ZHAEVU] @KCI&.JBB9$

M@:UV\%1@S@9_T







;Y$E/V5

Q!^@%T\SY- 06?#D=4ABX'2
MIA7&+W4=V+13&**44^3[%B.




MI2\9QC@P



MR)6VPTWBD\ '




M'9O



D]%A+BJJFY=D1-6!
AZ5T;AZ
MG4I-\*+;2#41_K7
HE11574:S=(.
M6:GE.2XQ;=.V;<JE+Z3;^-J.4'TL@:RT-[(NSWH(U(S37JG),?%=05T/=(0
M(CJ.X!0\?]_G%J+$ZQ7R!ZF#VQ?/GQ(58O8:H^TVM+Y?!^F]82+(
MO(\#%



ASDHD+SRQ@F3;EN\C)N.8'S%6JQ5
?<C/+STPC(*PCC_6YC


;SS1]UFHBL @?#









-CN-RR=VVP@0G%EUE'ZE23J;L(TZS9BJ]D*M9
M*?];E(_B0CW^A;CE\W0*N&#
\H1T;4NZV+=%6[B;$]-QV0HZ;7;N;H\I'(@^


@UB?2$[5F.95/F4E6ETW1HX-B6
MYW?LQ_YY]D4ZG)[N&Z59;D]W#!ZG*I;B6K9O
=6#Q6KR+&WI([MSJKA3$^95


M*ABBS)=
]ORF2JFC3#EQUI3]958699BJ
M0J O::C-]G2V5T_(=SA7O4*19S'/DM2RG#9*06303313FFU0\W_0$1^(9'J

M2;Z4M\$M5W#;$1Y5=455$ZXVXN2!]N@K]MGK''NE[@IWH$_ZVA;U$?91U2E*




5


R=JT.C=5T$




M0J[-(8




7C<9%9VM

FGC
M(Q*J


/254$.KLSIYV^OV;%18!/-K@


M\#L;]@-CB!W-E.5P$24.HRYF-B,]Q.V_*1WY%58%;0@:W[+F8%0%[ZCBE]


!4\XTN8JS08[S&LK(2+?6K'7

M@Y!27%9;7]]B3PO
T^_?K#2
SP@%K DO?!Y\.(0&(0.W9+7 TD-V)6[ZK-I@&-?,=HQ4(,P[





0%Q*W2@ZFW F?K==P1Y[VY@H@
M\&P1N
)TF*3 ?JH5(W@T;L!9@$#!=Q;WW2'GNBXKV'9 %X.]A6S+)CZ7PF/M

M 6ANZT]RVZ:\D^6_W50_@TM3S/*'ZM)5&9IK:XDQ(I!#I+0Q!JZSD0L?YM81
M=E8=?:1$$A.
I






MY=2V

@AS;DZ3-37%43;P.

E42T\<\SO*F;53X[6-6
M5(;7LYV*7MB%13XFX&W9%I<^%MAN^X\3QT'=O:GJ0!]#/KP1%BC@C!SI?1M


M5GSHG!_I=?A'I
NZ2F:(*\L[\*5G.JZJ)$Q$J_V0TZ5+Y[C:N=)E#7!\VR7


7HXJI]A'X,0ZXP74U@<
M8\ RX1C8''O^_%B<2:WN/L+F&FIHE%BW!Q%8CN4BV^0FMS'F-F\/6V&;-R)



M[Q!
 CL $4%8X+?E+!Q$B=\)(':VY \PB:/3: UXI&^1@(!2M87/A; M[IBM




'4DCPJ42[6PD&1/!R
ML'QAY%M


_O









M]![LR7+E?9_O(^

M*]J_B]
QJ+KJ^^+DTRP'5OJ^O:?



M?@J#1R2)W435XVWA9/K]?V&.%C\]%2W?P5!6TWX^;/KF99HU&\H@J??C)+
MXK'Q7[5J/01-7Z;C*%)9!3U24BFU+2@W


JL








0E+N9,N-K9
R*R CS

\Z/1[.DG.6 LINPB,9P9:9.TJ@_PDG@*7P



H]&L;C36\!?(C$K&5]\BH$ VJ?


]F
M

M=1\0^84XP0NYC-:T7+09+;





ME'OELIA/7)8^M7UU7TM



MF&FCG8J'?#:M*#!G7Z5 9TKUS/**(G&IA+[=RNVBC*8U0Y?A[Z 4*QC
R;3B







MRMZEM_(G6N5=_[UEMNP DD9ET]HJ'LU;@53=7[;)E=76_LOTT;E8FG\T_VC^
MT?PS3/IH_M'\


[5^]7L-%P^5UP 6T2V]5


MNFA 4*$!H0&A 7& J)P&A ;$!0#ZFU[50- ^( $%,#0@- V( P2M+@40

MQ!:_)KV%AC6V-+8&0#B-+8TMC:T+Q]8!&@UIB&F(#8!P&F(:8AIB&F(:8CK_



MHK0FNF! D!Z#$!H0&A!G#X@^HW(:$!H0%P (;3)I0&A +)A


(-L

A\J&U0[LKTYLIJS%CFKMX.0FK
T


BUGM)S1







V.
5



O?S.RZE#^GI

MNTD5(C&^M#$2E9/PC

4=%7EKXOY@




B.S66[D\^4SBFK%KHQQLV;P


M#B-]3/(

MBX2A'0

Z8%+]MP501CGAO+M(LW!

MFO#!JH0


MA1C6Z!HBD[PF=&E%?OF*'-%KH4MI'-1O7X(1/GO_O K-K]G&.K0&0Y\I'DE
M:6\'^(:RQ(?6R%KQ7O)5HS
:]K;L0


*3I@)E&UX6BZQ7J

Z*%Q\6IP<;FJ0N-[QGM0MP@
MRV^CN






M8\JO
+'ZHL50UO?0&EXK\@LNW80)OQ9(0T)#XM2V[6#41+]5SC4D7@TD+EA+



3AT6R4:UK#3@\U_!P-7-5M*V.6
MAK.Q:M]A3//
J(BGZ%5ED83J9UC360+2%_Y4E4VM&$_Q\97Q-9LE8^
^_!(9


M


S
MO9W\%7PMC9LX258MYBX/O%(V6 * ^A*I284&3.GW*H$IG
9EF!CA^)^SHIQ$

MLADL?C:91/DHAA=
PRG\.

0B *'GHC6RL5[+UF(-D(G3=


MI4C!MRZNU 7C;*(6IP0@J66-ZV7_[?K7&LR3\)]9KGKB+
JS_VD[6UO?%W6(
MO

H
3Z!&/YY!M
'D=H+


M5B$O?-3D5PLC4&(X;.]/'H!=$V753\V?##N@:G^-0MS8!IX$4SL+_##%Q%
MT97Q
<JO63^B&8RQ
MV2T,<9:KU85/<0*34FV@OJ8U]\Y)UW*#XF^P&2ON?IY$-02#7-F5L+!7QO]5
MMCJGROXJC3?.685B9JW/ZBG_IA'4;J2\H

M3+'H DJ

%(W15 GK
M?HP R[1Z


MTSAC.LM!#Q71 N
LV

MBALK53&;UG8X
%U4E)7'
UYJ7 ANHWJ!0D MP^:2[=KX._RN3$$P\!K7=/4S





;+
MX0][B
1#G5U[%$




MGLU;K/9BJHHY:GNGB@MIXV= (NARC!^S/]&D;9]78/M\S%5B1OEP94R3


51.NJ+%Z.+8=Z
MW

MVI$KU:^QOY97ZPAW%GPT9
/WW%7#3]WC-^]?/GFDK5Z=LJ]3]D^9LM]XJ LG

0S4%#K_YL*+
BS:I+G)G8NA&R/%V
M)?;IOS


4NC^HT/O@4

M3W-8
(JN%LJ5ST%35S




-X2]NY!V4RS(KJ=J1V@


/G'C^SA:1MCN/$HG326:]4.H=H5L\5^'32F4XZ.]7@YKDIM6 4
M!%O?%TTR1[&43U48896X
4IFX[H/MTH;6=_V^3;/)DLMU:MLJ3Q
B[!*+MDB













ORLX QZP+%9T)!LXAZB45C+*39D.)LT[EVO-V<M:CW_-V
M=-:C/ZL<P('=?MR5/Y/(_GCD
/(_SEEBD^0Y6 _I
^%F^H^BJ.'Y_[^6845

M(58]X'^C\1U








MZ*3B+S%)H*NO[M




!U'


+Z%2






3T;G

9M?O/7FRS:+_T*_20F37Q**2



]=_S]L9I

H#:;F*LOJC]N3UK8
S3Z?'W:C :=*\2



?J';6W3I?OQ?K?+D[[]M+?KN9_IX
]J[MOYAR?;
/95<@UK+/Q:Y2J! ZU




5\P(DQPHS4B



M




\5_O9TPPHD*5&=KM[

M;^_VM[U[921141BC92>M-Y9:RBB@TV_&.)O=)-$\I6 7 C
M0D

M2S MP;0$TQ+L^.D)6H(]B9Q]5X8P_577'VU@U0B


]SF


2IO]ON%&%:XVX*&;5




+^6V#U5$EXM90$$71M?+X'(#Z[XB&\$5 %7%<])P 4<6]H6Q?


M&3=QDJS:\-SE@94P
FYG2;(P5 6^A8G_?_:^]



^!I:OJ58




M&$ JMX



/
-
';3D[02;86RP^L'.

/?1X_-H9Y2)
M](PA:$=:N. 3S<#8DA=\&QDD61L'W2BPQL0W0PA='HQV) 360MV'AJ%R73:2
M VU-;OP)2YDLI2_P*\RG&:&!L#2
V)41#XEJ[MAT5(I[L3+7YM7UE)E=ZM_













0'869$Q!!^8%N^Q=/CVF)R
J]?H.*-05M$?!59G]W0-J4/8 1*E:G#?3R4P4 N
D=\BS*^L0@ZRYI+






98Z+@\Y-%!+*QA]R
M@9Y&]&SB_5@^$SB\NLZ/42/7D'\1ZLY8) ;(M2^P
T=EN?+H/NE*J4)EE,FBY-!& NY<L/D.(R
F


E\M%@CDH8
.UJ=*1+FS'4RD0\94D?VT7S)H#/=-4LI3D
M(
1I;3&S*&A1 .+D( 9Y 6UQ+Q;03!@NVMR\^Y=8^CEIS)CSB:QY8@X?Q+]F

Y309A5^.=NBB=28?;+T,T&#%U7%.0RJ


L'


M[]HDMNR ]^7UQ]M



M8C_?8PZL:HLJ!4!.F?FZVQV]HSDL)O(I[R1''Y/=JBJ;XGU\I&5'TAX3B2F#


M[% 33!)
$DQ6@%4))@DFZPJ3!T4S+SQH67IHL@OL9+HA=K6GPJ*'4*D.][I*

P4SNO6&_K/)WA#.$
X0SA#


)B.^
MU


M3J.R01J!@(#P@# 

MM89B1V
1;(UL%$%F\,FW.:.(7PDO9:/
M_JU7=#Y^7HK^K=UJZMGE!K]OT!.?A+VL@&L;=@ABBJ0U


WH H],:
M:D,,31 V[!74VCYL1AJ!==#5-O<9EWJLU([IU&=ZS0Q].CHO#Y4JFSJVJ _




^'XZF@-HX?J

M.-2A?'1MXD(X0SA#./
2TU#F\#YX4Y/@JDZ2_2Q\_RU;]\)L[OO6U
+KCIX[
MQ_LWX3RTY=EMD5?V(H5+FGH&%@O^E?
3\=:CM7*/Y9@R+; [6K+_!:8WH(

M2$8[74+C


M8P'+P#_(3,KL]!%.BQW3,WSUEKZPA-8L4!X6*,$\_KC7-,HPU1;P8M^IR$
M7S7*_JU;T(;Q

KF*V!X0G%YX
J$7EEL0LA




M9DJ#K1.I=N4)JEM[8-@[:P[ZH




M/+Y']\@(9PAGSI$OT-=XW_6Z[9UK[QB^[HM-74_ IZ+^*
8R:79TD&]VN1F.



M?/&H.L(OA


*!#+(JM&<!R7$T[BRQ\_R?L.-O\']%P)Y<

PU^3FC[9&ZZK[CVW0W#
X0_N=)/+
OT:

0P/)K?

M:C0R.T
R
BMA9%+^I'SO2]2V+VHXBN[[K@F%/-#3O['
'IEROEI&TMVNM[*=
3MPBZP@BGO7



M'/^C:UO&
GE*:A?XX9.8_OCJX1X/5_[=^\^7^U?





M? TM#S]@VYO6'[AL(E9:'N*%I&FR






L\
M[OC8-T2R(4C1LP#^X]EA8XZ(


YP_3.V 9((!$YT^J =(=-EG^/(.UW0+2F1_Y4B+ /D;T0Z]_





B23],FBOXHD(552\R&Q1(-2(=T@8M'?R?S[(J)Q#38(Z(OX(0=4/GX6
M';K<PWIW4=/22MXDI& %\96&FO3L-7;G6)[X[-$BP\*QS4%Y+2
\JNK2;2R

.'<]B^91PQRNY(TK5V?4WUS;+MM ;=WCCZ
M;T=?ENU03Y9M[\A<SU:=$UV/?;U#B;(7<3OB:A+*?@WG$S@W.F.A#S1M'+6
MLZ[K'



MC'VTN^ 2$]24IO1S


RK#)SI




MR8/UANP'S6H1EU6H:H&I7'JNX6+U*%5M1J:0YW@H7_W'XV@@+:-Z7ZBLHY32
MJ$:1RO?.)8'F:G8(S+]4:EX63_.M8&V
*/
3#$9
/8T*(!7EGF*I!MOZ$^L^
M1*525
HJL/N] A%D-)DI;UJ:









MSW2D=7[IK*A$7IC'1R)*(DH*E$2TRB):D[*3I^[2SG0W9R^E+65EE&=_U&WT


M8DJ@]LL4IGZ/U.^1^CU2#[%*]!#;\&?J]UCORY[UYV#J]W@=G$Y876*_QSIV
M?F1'-7PLN?4C




MA-X^*025R,2%ZPEM+8GN121H./$?7)PJA!?JHR.:8]:C?&X?)5A2






M2;3\4152 !RW3370KRYP4.\MN[=D=9H J%5-+/K@L)OP

MO%U@



M




W8]R2T&7Z#@,V[^%^P1I%:3_:9<E/G%D'&1<F

MH)_[Z
2]?/L#Q.
I;

8BF+E4R:ZXDEU'2R6[(16#H[5?



MCM()0!J/D.;*D:;=Z'9'!:VC&L(:PAK&NT6C7C3I
*^97J5%V6[_2S\/VW

MK;I)0U^P/ R:VN*D) \D#[67AP[) T6Q#XEBYVVP^(88YJ'-7-L4!9EBA[H\
MN2.6[N(;


MW



5X45-#I?F[O$O]RB;F-;N5SON:^A%2Q_


...;#5J9!L:




^!V62O8[GOM+Z/WDY^T_[^'PW9S]9Z

;VNA




#2(?

JWT1+TI9\927+Z%)M9


\92*





M+W#];;'*B&51LZ.:2%BS6$BZ]'Q+IM?3J





('UQ
P
%
M+8PE
M$]^




]A_VUN8+7[R-__']


MLI08G08 9/7_AVZ@3!3*G[T
HQ9'@N\PO._#L.SUS^))V*Q-



WOC.$Q2_B


MJ[+3%






MT;.5+!IIC-(?3
Y:L%W9?AU!)$$D063U(+*

M59F5S;GE!/#_P@3^\QB\P!9\B0_C
Q/AB*D%[W'?=PV+!_#8LQ7
&-@^7T-8


.




T\('#N8^3@C6_CK970/



MT(CTFHBEZYA-]@J%$U+1'EY9P

MKVX@6/LMNS$


MP@.T8.A&9++PU[[K!S!I[IF%3DQ#8CVX*.X\
KBY
5-*(..5Q-^


M88&_VR!H*K0#_FZ

MP0;\TF9@CJ)+2;0AAIET7K#$23;(X4CEDL$N?$4 C*;0A)]
 D%)! PVV AM



-!-



MB5A)KL

B?LX
9*[E
M%]=R_7_447W]SOI@I







24
5H8AV&ADZ:\D*Z*A 3F#G65ZP#
M@H53)MR'Z6'QD(DO/%GH1=ZP#IW





M
*E4 M






 ^

4(Q33
M&'[K=C2$W\A
.R1&]UW @3B%SV?^G5G VMV&+/7DC?=-2\H
D@. %KPCR6(Y

-V]&F/.3EA7

MP\07WI

<C]8R]7GZ.CS$H9O?&%$<)C

MZJLJLG7UY[J_ 

)T8%RM#K-HJ%.(X

'BCQ81-E'UQ/
MP
#


M@;DZX8HRB:C\K

M2()(@LCJ06095P4(*0DI2FKP*N$E'H]\DY/0QL\LBUQD2_D[VKBY[??0:#

/KES[GS/

M'^[!VS5'K6^S[(P/$YWDM3VZN&




T$;Y@$O6P[CABS;IK&^@TV+^KAH4+X)ILL&8=I6I[Y
M9L$]&#+T@5'D7^6#+!#&S+&^AO)8
8#%@:6#?2#RW(/H=]P0SL6 4#+CP

M\5*!DFL



@@OC$39F@#L0)7[2:L&-;IVF 7'U=/+)G#WXJJ



MX*7FT?X

M)F59E5$56?'*:/\:NFA@1S8F6'H&VI$@HI8)$H84R=WJ67
5FDQ-IZ-U.IEY
M^!;0@WOH_L#GI!UN\0GX$Q(6N:#CD\\)WLA =HP=-R&3AKWW7#V#2W#,+
MG9B&Q'IP4=QY9'!S8Z:40,8KB;\9D5)\6P@CB&W90 X1W8F2;IJ),P*K%B:%
MO ?FO;)NYXAB/OZ%,YP:C&Q:OL0V21CP^#MR



MDVR0PY'*)8-=^(H &$VA3^9!(*2!ALL!':
@BDHD@X&?Q #M'B0)(
'L%?
MX0\R)&*RI25L$[70$\)9'&;#QRS'% OAF#)F!LN2:L -O57%$RP7*GXD-]#&



AS)622FXN#;^'OZ
BCG6N



0VG









1(Q$C$2
1VZD21'O8U'8J


K'(
++JZ0!6*+S^H






IR<K=X<?P:/-VJ/6M]F1L?)F#):U]F@O$Y
MH$/@
T]

+'K/$ GS:





M=9X\[3NMG7B^POM^?#+IF:]XC@XS;T8%(=.C[E$/MN5RYT)3ZS&F$]^S/I9L

AG$!X.J$_W[ZYZ CWSO4#
C*N%?G*9;[D0& 3

M(@





L(RPC

Q




M2KJM!M.(Q;A
X0?6' #!S\@MA*=OI [=\O* 1XD%9#JT439'?6:T:?U2#I







MEP)N!(O/$%[ 85X3#S@+_^*'=H!?A]]Q^-$
#6E+15.W78SM&^.?D
X%L8


M

R-Q*



MY'J7X8/


?
L4\2;DY]I &'P6:*/Z\L_(:(;$

M

+ZDD73K(2B
MJ8$6S*@Y5%D




M]6;P?]\LW!DFCQ8'A#V@)*UG$;X NIN1;9





M2S \GE/.]+?5_O'-S


MZSX

M/KESOCDWY!RWL.6/RMQ^.W%M4PU4(*@I#9DBXGI+RH



A2C9?[CY? NX


!:?/6A/DX#5;!+!\Y3GWV6'G;I(3S,2WPS/ VJ-00R95HS\
UX^\+
MCL\R(490)#.NR8HJ]? +])UO(. +]#; A


M+B(07[62Y3'$]NV)XBNXG2OF MBNVU$I122\TRSC(4C&-]+IEF&E1$? ;%
M
&B



ME@UB76 8'CO;S#NYQ&3L&9AMVHX_9P=U4%+MO.V

M5_)G?\&-^.?]V?S9
H




5TZKO









MXG
9?%)






MW#K(O@/=JH#-!W.55E


M!G&)L^



MW^=1P33+ QQTC5&?I(IT05W


MZ


(
CB.
MXS-!YHT?C/@U#=[I4

M0'0\1



]+Q1R0Q!V.V6
E[?FP@R(O0+Q$S=






R8A#.B
^]B-^CP3S65_HM-+!%YU?Q'#3:UM&
M


#V+C[0
M$\J\YG!KO@



B$0SE8T4D
@

M]Z:52

3;[]_]5-6E#MZODBR*ZJGQT AU_3R
MEUK;
O0GS43JO:_?G_;V .6L-_K7T9['!K]]/WHQ
I^18M![;!-&X]YWZ'$.

MM)@6:?R

M$A





=?WM%W9T1_[@

5Y)N^6 W-PBTAO+B MYQ= 7(A4JDYTHL_4AAV
M*+#W ET$F\5:(=C0%3#
]XU8BVA@$M5)G'<#:1+^0<=P6R[@5B./0X

M[TK&N^\1-]RQU/-%EJO\DYHKO4P!,*^#TA] 36BB<:IQ=P,EA73BRF\X+
M&+D)( 5*7&(@A7E- (QHKE*X&X !=]+#=+0;?R#N (+G(L_0/]#M\(OQ+H
M,,:7H0D:W2X5_.5!G

MT V+8*[+6185R  97_@![JV@0201+![T4$ (?WS')Y_Y%4ZJ2E&] 23_TX@-

:C


MTAATD^& =)$^80L9[70[(D1 -9TZ&E-QGR# T^N=@/DTV3YA5(
E3G 0=V
MK


M-U8P]


MR

MFOK!%

M[?M/^O:GO5WV_EAOWY)D=XEW]3+O6D4Z4W-/#8 RP[X.1PTU&@.9 XNA\


M'6I]\:0E





7:N5XS\Y9&

MOIBP+V%?3].X6]B7L]A7\*^MK0=N+OMI'Y$PT
[+R^X^___*DJ=LZ56KSY

MKZ\^O


M7I9Y?%;QK


M#LUL:K58)%?X!_Q
FS2@-V-O

M




N=LKKTZ
L9'#M_.\]RQ
MO&J$(

ME*H#B
%E#%?B;70.P-[_Q(5
5
MP\


CJJXA
M7



GAVY.3PX/WPPF;%.

MX?']6$OKMO[Q.]1*IQGJ9F1MD&995/.YRN$ZP-4J#S*@#K1-[/FZZJKE_R#U


M5BZLO

M(E\=$%B'?=.G.G=1=]K&



]@[

-CHXDJ&7WF2,A)*%N%SB
M&A]ZG*T@Q7$)<35!)$]1I%MH2VA+9$*Q3B$N+:/'&-]D0K%.(2XMK(,/0]
MT0HWZ$I\9A[#K[F*]%SEW^Z2BWQ[JNI7,TH/)M?Q\6XO&PKWF<@D;B<4=8VA
M=2 4)10E%.4OAVPRV1T*10E%47Y






;5JE$LU).)AP
M,&\E;X=[(W]C<X6#0<3#B8<[!$YV

!E/





$R

/%9)
0BB.



@R0YE=*-FI Z4M6_JZ!OV$.$[*H*HT*




M @H!HN5@Z)G89IG\Z $I$#]A?YU.LI>J#S.*E:HCG:?F6ND:0/LZ1D8/2
M;$Q(>D6BSU42D/&H4>-$UT5,/@(C*K(
^BT<Y<O ! +#)T \5P@+P75MN6M7.^
M%1Y8$L+$F8*5 50)?(*KD%50;.^;\\[M%RC!.Q79W'!D@Y X7WN[XL!#E
M8&5G=-P(+I;19;QZL S@WV0C]L@3*R\I7P8XV/(@X!:C



M#_\53$+,(#V =B[_S]MS'C;=OXN@'YAC;P:QK\4UT%QX2BHT%P^O[S5S@C


M!










\0'ODYT.^?C)B




M6P5A!V@[1SCP%QK;

;JYR4JT). U'V0U 6&V-8&W ,(P[+/.7Q(\0Q*@<5%4

T.&H&:/+)X+_:-TA&0OANE
R_&F*3T

MK/600/U/E8
$&?







ME.JJC=
UYH)H 67%
CM3P3A#,RR-W@[]DEJE#QHM#:ARMNF&P'0LW=E

MJQ5M J?1AO'VI6WM4H0%8XP6Y9TMPP+IM$@K 0V9_':T;/MHZZK*\TQ1SI




42D0CO'[



.C]R2''-VCE-RETU[$;GP


M@F^0
0/3YEAN2UUM'LQQ(-;PX*5FDWR_T;9U3'BH



YU
M^$IW(WU^GD68P5M8(]XN985]:Z#X[ HC-\3]R;N4Y769C$D31J.)5'+DV\0'




M






?+^_Y



M92PC
GRB
'D8UMMD\@;! &ZRP;!

M+6Y^:FSSA2F@4/

M

J/6=:LKH/'833]/(T;Q*DY#-8BHN\#




MM3TQQG$6=;ED
!63M'\5F
I=^&G'Y%JHZ(^*RQQ-2Q$4#VBGH4D.SZN-6E7+

%#6LY<


M!@5=RB$OC#BZRK00G%AG%.W HMJ@5+/-CD0!0D-C 1D?)HB8RYS CWP16)
M)L?:+


M6[@ER\OE1.$&0CK1EYJ%;(%YE=1W28F_$0Q+]\VS3+AS=*)I[O5F,H6]2*(
M.Y_$+,8PC8K8!5=:*KM
1C8QV=A#-CFZ-N8.A@=^C#GCO\_(DPRBFJFZW(
M(\ICFYF2!L;/28']1BG-S?I).5C$!MM<9RCHSO,8.?AYABH81?]-EB?*KWJ/
MF"0VK _O3374Y3$[)VUN6?*YGFQV15CE?&V%Z8F!-]F;!'1'\WH0K6$# M
M9&4QE



^I)@+]C*8AM
\H&O/:;50Z:XE2&[YTJ_<4()HK&'I

:?#



M*M/Z:KA_K5]TFI.VB1!I_PS-.HIS2HV.K@;42N%REH%AO

M[]!8CJ
8N_05

MG_)OW'[CO:EI]E6!]Y6# +4%3PU^;CYIO A]02CU25-JLF&=BZW=(WD;7D
Z








!O_!S
M/\U@&=3?K05%
WYR8D5U5B&-
4.B'TN$#W/L$D!^F'K#GU8NX_4GPD07L.
MK\.O;.99W:
Q
S]RYP3X1';8JAE
AYB=)?$YER@XSF'$6


MF4@CZ\XI 08#)#$HX]7ML*PZ+:$9*#D?514%5$;;13^^
F^T 5AC]3^L*%


M@#%F3!'^CI?:




%N:
Q?2

ML=3A+(VQ


K%I7(4TX;3I@KNHG
M=2\ U.MBMD!=%]

]!^X

$=S;+[BW

M&QWO[?JQ-WURL-'!L:=9NL+!A(
]7DBPT-03!P'ZCIO

15


*?4:5.Y9HX3



M/LB









GVD&C2
MVI


9;[%J83/9H3-)OI

9[M\'M


LY[%/


MQ*]

M8YR9G=?]!'&:TSI^Z'$

M54%#HN%_;THH?+ .TY_^JN]



MA_M/8-?DNHQS[@S[UF@'V\*Z63D-OJ(NZX]9JY#F^1+G:VG+/%Z+_0#*C
V;

MVB


QE@Q7
')1

W?




.@'BL<&A\I#7W!OO$T]AH(4$*'-CS


K

_@F5QFRY BT!
M&P6RV:%)3S@4H^:^WYD]A%$$UP4A4K=NCA-U2/
9_X/-TI0*E&A #:2\E6



Y:;!3


W8)V3%GGW\?YB9=*/#GPLG%F%GAZ./L=:AK$ =P%\H


67@


!
M\B5!?Q .ULQ2-X?E

MM-V)!7[1YUL5M/F87L!R


M;7V29



!R*$T'A '$3.P@Y=@
T8^4;K@YJ
M!#K_L




!





#DAYJ

=0Q#9?&U]#*5B1E]#X11]7W-5_<WDG5_U^;%@E$X@GIW7]*D/?IN]($Y4'
MW


(J05A8;; I/26C$/O
*H











MI4Q^SL-?\QX;1^%7E+

=MWBR
C.%D*L9S2VB=]81D1&%%N
Z+





6YN:9::1
MO[
93L?#S11F



MB:*AK[HDIW$Y0/=K#=\E40$MV&-=T:IX:!]%X*$WM;E,]TW(*+-J19KM
M;5Z:G;ICQ5S!\'EU($WK=SNPR_S(L[K: I'[6SCY'TOS
&8?*N'@T0?
C5
M7&

L@QNUOG;OX-

[CV-7(G+]:)E6:8T?-KT


+?

MHE9X&FN1XN\Z
JW L8IG%I_%I0E).9W9E[A:42VL(I/@.P)*UW33-EVEH2X+
[O'8OM:9^#!;2G. X

MKMN#D#@N\1\
S34
/\

3!8C-#@NRNU

$WKFT)ZDK!_M5CG:GPVWD.*!KMA%F2Y6_^?4K_U0+RGRJ'


76P


M2M9#?1

MB[\@YMV&O]B
1M
CO.V)
8ZSJ
LE8U
)
6 P_3PTX[-7ZA3
S8#IY)#(^A



MDEX(O)7P;S
V99T 

?-SC;SP
MH]

M4[1HZUJ5QCB-


-.H


MS]P8:8VVT
<X-=O*L6N'\1MHA]K+*30*/]04G4O\0.WFCI-ER
M/C5%:6MLYA6K8\D!=7</K'U Y_DWCKV#^X

FF9SU_7-<?&-5Z;<:SW&NQ^A]I5TJ\MF]#9J?:2B
0\S;4#L2-68

M!XB$U$D%AT.&:D'_/R_A]

_-]-
V

M1
96U;1F!._&<<
T.J3_GW@
6




F(O:CR



MW-9S5CE'@

;G_S1X(]TU/[S/.0\?.R\@Y20*54J84
!$;VVE\9U;@-BZQ


%$DCIV44%X^8OEJ*VO66?!MI)CD:LX.Z6A#+0
I:

M
N3\V

DI?JF*8G1J-\S
EF
TPPMR;0C;](.S%[?BRESS
MYV2K

M=/


]JQ]!@E*^8[[.\W.1VJ-'['




/[
&:L;;T'QA[%_GB\Z69^N!
MVS
D1)
(

1JV1

MS\.2@
3Y@?^+

)O@_O;(U'XZ'


BO2
A

^M+=YK(9?G3RY[0BY+D(NMR67?2&7NY+



MQ(3$A
2$Q(3$A


[A$4*BWPR%CGV


 D+1YN(46!9_3N)4[\PT\< TR^<J::'E*^I5TYO#$*=).::O[X:OJ+/
M 
[0?NX R==XKHO@%WT9?
[F:H5;7L91.8
_AS_84X032M2BT&_L'S\OGTJS



4'A3A'2H
JWF5J!(^9ORX;+[(]4RG17RAX1+XK(/7V 'N


$XP3C!.
$X_H#.
&X^P#N





MTB*ATMU-D-O64=7(7_)I7\Y\TW))Q
\SIH?7(W_9/^*
$')YYN0R]E=GWA?$

M_*XS8*_WDV9YI'















M]C9C2PA.(9$(0_I]5S(0A)?%L'V???%SHL=13DNJSR-

MT7CS@!(2$Q(3$A

$X




MB21ZQ@0Q]NB$$((0@MAZ@O#IE1.$()X!@0A*I,0A!$HS+M2V=)(0@AB$TX
MK9X+04CBFXP%W
18P+&W\H9G[QZ6T(N$7NY$6T
)O?02182VMI^V1&[U$T6$
MMK:=MC;0EE9(3$BL!X 3$A
2$Q(3$A
2D_RWSOMD+.#-KGE_3HV^G/JF)9
(

M8O-^L;LG0A=KUF_TM#VV^YF8YUL)*(IH@P ;%\GJ7_]F%D 2%$F)EP()@&=B

1*








M%CAI%NC4C

M#QG
VF*%

/P$

M)JHHHXUH7G$


MT:EU8#ZV
1]8+'HER4@H)M*Q$0YX$7:MU@&V5)\&(!&)0R1N*^AU#Q#F!O0
VJ9R:4R^B]!W
M'5O\G[K^'R()N0BO*)J&8%X)[!X@H@HH!H(2!J


M+I!

L1?
MK8'!A!;@+_ 7^ O\=3C^ZM7-U0(#?8&^0%^@KT.Z7QV#.31!7UN'RK8X+%SV

.@


M#&[ ![: +6 KU[-\@!@@!H@!8L@LN[L K_TQO?B)6N!%@7

MF-ZZAO! 2U Z[C^) &B %B@!BJ^^TY:WLIGR6*_!F4-*HT[) _KVYP;1UE




M[

M17XDW7T.#AF;*N=R#G/=();BE)RYN

SYU?L+](3/=):(

% F*

5FU+X5N
-*\O_56H'27!^FFFFE2




M


2=#)TPHRK_E$^B
5.)D4
R









M



M[;L=KKLP':S(%[9*)J[\MY%6=VIULU)P/-(FES1)FM/\Y5

M
'E(RLO





MRS5[=_'=\S@8N(4G;AY4C=K^Y[$JMN2



M?\'I4^&94]_[?2N=0#Q(-]9Y6Y

MV@ $  % Y'?\#K@ +H+ZN)BNQE('J5(CP[B?6.OS241Q.\RA.C.S5G0IR
M86-#:_)=V'[,1VGVV=FP=G32M^GC.TM[*(HB]/V#*9O*=I]H2QZB+'8H9F=I
MED+K\G8OL28A?
T4 .[
M2\=$8^&W2&-S?/:^.@[A8



M_#@'6'AH(

G;=ZF!*M-T!_H#_0'^G-L
M^4!_C'E(IW3PD+/[2^^)6N!%@7

MUS;P3$Y'!0H_\N 9\ QXYE@\TP'/@&? 

M3+!R)V#.NN;PL]

Z.K<MD81MTI\90#66<O IK1GG:]VW -APA.&



MXK

MXX?7J6$ES:1=VN_VWE'??DI]+WV&G/YN1-5?X6+LY6ST7HN:+F1J6DZYE+
S

M=O\MJJ5?GGDTK+B
M0.&U#4RSP#3MAL&:*T4?^R-/Y
KOX=Q*)Q /THW5L]G9+LYUY9(:M/I]


NT/A


]

M12

M:Q@PNW#[
_!@ 'DA@Z.8)/TQ#M)$@%&VV1/?=:PGID=BQN3[A*B)(PG9[I.9
M


F0K A9Y2ASQ^ZR


M5
AK&8YTU
CB/SBJ]B!=O?YB).S']X7QY(6](R^$C'J32#_D[#)A$WK0; B/


MWLI_O%AO]EZ2Y/&6W:YV778[P6.8W4ZMARD20C&'












M8C]2]ER*GP+'4N'\L^


WY^&MZAD/#<]#P3[RBG7@3XC(2EY/ (66KGXMF

M) !B@-B!/




%R9%-G'B'X3T=-$A<(?TG3P0871N&B9N6_SGQ/FD-.^<K;U%1E5A0:*A_@2
M6]*JX:K1-9B! X H$X=4 :/-@)/P-/)XZE9-SCC.Q% X4C








M&




9


F7\&?LLKK0+


M(R*&)R'=T
_0IAJKX)[)9@5I@)G 3.5EIIO38J8Y RS Z
[W$@@1!3R.'&M$
MD%'?V..QXXGK\!








M13ZW55);.#_@8 3+(QS)V3+MO$
AZXJ
HLYBUE:.L*1=H[&./#O]A3$TDO

FN7G^(\-@(I\2



M?CQQ_2=R(#ZE+L4G\A@




ITG#8
K#




M

UR\#N.);F?Z_8JN








M**[).;O!.$+/T
E,;9NB0'(G+EAR;+3H(CY5H)W)^3[..%3#F&? P]E,.ME1=6:D3X8B
MH?L=U,K2O9GVZF
-MQC:='

0/&Q&?(5
ZE-\NP $+?Q@]
M)CO?PR@T:E
AQ_FT*_RQH+&M?W.TA5SJ

/'<\9Q^/IC)UH)^&K['*
GOS)
-W@:6X+9JN .\.*


S$?I)&)
=PT[-D86R-


MY+.!#[(OUROX.F3!;^2TBS5QFYS4&_L!S4EMQ?E8DYTUF?M('&%\]T=Z#FOA

MM289IL?D+ODXVW*C4Y?8\X1-R_!@[WD)XVNPPD(O_(3@M6-_RV'[#0/NV2#]

MO


3O'S2?/
#\#MT
M9.&VK5/ 'T#(LWUF\S.*^K@JL]28#Z#_I=)M=M
L#W_.Y![




)I.#[80(50


M&PIKK#J3@H#A8'0&$EH+!D(KE\? $4M@.%E60)
T\1_B/PPY#/M0^=Y4WC
K['B4!$0 42<+B):

A&(0^S$J0JV2K+
8U)D

]
M:.5H[M*PY3S/!HX7'.;X0.%HM6#P*)Q\H#_0'^@/] ?Z4T#YY!E[KY]D\/UP


MJRM6'Y.#BB(K8U13)D8Q&8PIRD#F[:' $0$)5(P$S 5*BC*0( &0 $C@2$&




M%L*.;5-!8:P72ELT&S5\L\84PJ] 86!P@JBBJPK8KZMLS56RWWH#0&$%
M4450V#83R;[!
K'EUIM]*:PD2YBH2WY @'6[S5K#%+R*
LIYVWJ8] HCHM?I



9U8-I!)P6$ V(
M!D0#H@'1@&A - :$ V(!D13_*$W&-'9K##Y5I6_LVK3)AW)]NIY)7QKGOK


M-+J$F9QX5W]\3%Y\Y[MV\JO@;25R$AP.6W+OPN/B1JZ/' N30


91.D%Q:$_^F
M!O&?] .A)!#1\Q;HVU7(^NN$(_HT;PQ9@4#8?GP7#6-72(LZ[%&[[@@DMB!\
M2P;Z'2DT*S&W:DBZYW
__SU2]/







MO^P]L9(7JN2^#3RM3J_;N+U\WVL.6H/F]?7MH%=O)9[6U:!9OVX?WM/*U;.:
MDUK?$9LXMH/H_M&1 LO

E6A7RSV AW/\Q]DXHD\

3VYK@



MT^D;
CD


C[SJ])].3


*@EPS_7MA1'..GRKQ?!U1%2[



DY1

K*8

5N#[Z_
)+OY9H:D2;WV#]MNIUBXO['G




_56E2M?1
KM[
:3N&3B5YOI''1 F*]!'D981G@%T3-[
/

88KKDJS+0;K(P=ZNN:HMWGY\ASLQ/-X@FQ55NN/&'.

1 ,+IYU-_:L-'D6=8%?8_G!A)-Z
M*3%2TIYE!:1G?0R!\=UU;GX.'+\<[HWX-T!R<E'UY5W?N9DI/)&S
W4VGL^

9[-$#/U_)_-?5=Y_'S(

) W?N?C5

XOI!Y)@8B-6=4RCYV+JK^(










MI4EN9_ETB=)TRDJ;4Z*R*I$R/)!+D:049*?5D%:!R.,Z3FSH2''XYN*V&UB
MJ=,HDI?ED:+S-VE:15(@F[.\LB?DPHSEO2#4U7C])_^(P]@R
Q
Q
II.?EQ


U'8!%$K(D;1
MU

G


M5+5\?29CJF#S/J1

M

EJ

MM;2;


M0N994BH:PTNH8;I4QQ+0
!18R
M6N=Q#GZ9.LB@OO)1WV+


DLNK^['&^+PNAHX+W\]*_TU=

MT@*$RM;GC*_]
;$[^:@AJ=(';7%^)47ZRFW;)L34'[0ZMU?];J-^\[[7;G6O
MNHVK)

OS_4CPY'_Z!$)T%1Z









M& &W4X9;HU];SJD-O %OP!O
&^ &N)4;;HV!P3.LP-M.H9
!2H/E(EH=:E7
M8W[6+G(K?$@/A]$6DXT:O6#2:3:C(6%E-U=!_#0J?






M;ER=L!LBVXAL%]*@50=B)LL3 EO %A(*;%-4#;D^ 
TR0;


M461L[%#;QB(\L

/I3[-+ _I(S_6B0%I16!/<'.O9$6!]])=NT4M6Z0-#_4Z
M./818+YBQ[*#:$?J/W\PYI7*6_UTW@)HO?R,8WU'ONZ$D)XM_K_84_I3
MTIP)M2(03^0!34\C/VOO:3'O/C6Q:ZGS[ZEI[*BLL2E2]\/_6LY7\N0J6H




WO__U?/Z]X
M%,DO&=B/PT^N][)(D3/[M1N%WWXK(:_O+F]8:_Q7^W_?+UY(QR;OB!_[.+]

MNE
^-S1_9:]UZ+.FL;[H80I%&(_'

Y1_L?K+TA-9!NH+\3_W;[[4O









M4J1E8*'*NT] V-@\9!XXHLN



B2VH@1D\3+J
\I.G@



M!B?./T62NK[R^LS?F7Z]L-RVV
#

\/QM)=4
\&




IQ E;:/#
:?

LGZ#;\ WX!OP#?@&

I^+BU/

MW97OV85*
W#^/;S^YJMAKE]3451/ 0N$+A 0 ^X Z ^ N( '5:%(=_GG

4 
$ /$ +%*


'4]ZED-_R:0LUEC)




VK OKBX;MPS@E
M I  )  )0 *0' @DE=OQT3=8N @;/DH19


!1G#7
02^O\Q#;B*PHVF-P
MXOQ3)*GKJZ[?O&'=+=E!OU)8RG53G?OE3?V-_DSRM*:?TU=GU;1-.IEMRE=G





#

Z0??$]%(B7#D

DD\+\[)!:2R/PH46UO2@)9
ME(\LKDZ)+
(TWXK.PRFDH$:I(

M&



MCT/Q.2:PNRY?X%@JG#%)%$@[(0MI1=1=H;Y;(_WFFOA*]R]RB[Y%LX$MXI I



'8


M 4W( K+YJ2^F8T2








ZFJW-1[YV;4J5 C?T%HQ-MDU!3

$/PX_










E\R4R)
=59VEFYE_7)A?)25#N0Q)
M6I?ECZ14Y<:6)+VKD
9QI
7-H.]D/R[-XGT0Z85[NE!6]J;ZA[UPD$OQ/-P


1C+BO-E^H)? _2%]
MH\2$;1G9?$L)?P[WDWI/) F/JI B=B3ULA1#ZSDYT)Z_ SZGJY7(E DDU _
M5@G7&2I2ZPN;IOR+^V\

MFT^/:#3?BF2#J$[V(SZMS42S*TNL2G=TP
Q$ZU







K4\
GW@93N\8-<1=AWM@[BZN8U\KTJE
MVDC$Y!P;)[:04[W6R5VSBH(AO@][D@M@]6I-9<+N^K0.OD '[8DK? *&P-S

MS+6

MU=3J&JFIU6D=M;;2H
R%H=!W]+WP?4=E)T.5G7HG5DYL5D-
H*)3/@N-)ZU1

\\Y4$#KV40/%%S

P5Q@1;9I& Q% !! !&P%$ !&K





H&+



*.@M;DN[#]^
Y5
MLRT%NP@X?2A?L;Q'H2BR-A8:VEB$!Y98X0/
KPJN%'J4MT\!UP$
!@8S&!KO

MT!8RG53





MKA5.&

M(\.:
?#__%
'J
MOD1@
&?[]\YV][A]=J/_+$L%:$=('%WL]OGT;Y4  S:V$92DDO1TQ#D#& E5


MMW6]?MSEW4)_O=C+\QU[.C.D


6H8-F;6K6WN6P




@/'F#YB0@#2J_@




UV7[E46[6QJGJ=XI@/U4WZDK1S=.=5COS.QU\[3;

MA
^



M;I]KMJA/XX!
5










7YIQG'(TN%
X@*GRG1G[9UA0:HP'M#4$K@ +IY?9W3E

._(
MA@0$;


M:I\0-_(#QF]


M*]2SB2_FD
S]


S-9B)6J9$L0Z'E^'

\Y0





MG*#L0CG5BMB



M_U)CO?26U \6W#D62\RE(M&H?(HTDN
WKY-XUK/R






4S+? 



M6MD 8H 8( :(Y=Y&JF*NV


MW]_Q^N/[.#R?4#J_^&%-F1V[[-MXR




MU+

[6[


M7K7\8FE-\Z3Y=5)Z?4T$GHY)$ZV
NY1;
M8




[
=)(
YZ%IYD0XJ;#'PO 4P2^KBDKIC@U_?!UJ_(

;XA'%7UXR2E%I0GZP!<4R^N
MD=H]R0#D@')@&1@T(!KP#7@&G!-J;@&VW@O50'X$74WDOGWV


M/@.?%1-SJU9H;3-#WO.C@K+DZYBVAYTEZ _T!_H#_5%6/M ?J9;3?KYA^?/1



M6EFUOP//@&? 

G%,L*J+LEXZ!QT#AH'#2N'AI7^^90BC7T
M5D4LTMK.E6D?39?8GUN5B7S)6T0((Y\E&R10


7[T=$

:

3

:9
ML9!\9??DVI_1EPEVXW+7\=CYE5\KAO:NRU(ZFT.0*DAORDC8]_E:P#_9+
M*Q&5^OS#()J2:HR,6;SF$\,GP/BCXG'(N)X_$-&YBP0?YWQ/X1U(1Z]JM_

C;AY['$7)3T;W_KGE\F^0&8NFOMUXIJ0; MMB?8W+
M)T&1PV_F+=YO2M3S@QEUMV4JOO

M:

JC<7K$X5K*IW_):W)^
MQ!%XR@1 6WI3X@:.ZG-_;'03V;6R-VW -'5A&OW,-+N--K@&7 .N ==D:]7T
MC(8)ILG2J:J6[_0G\


OUF.'..6KLNCP
/E60J]0]!



/+S70=410L-! EZZ;#1VAKG2L7BAB
NBG=[RXJ@T0

M9Y*E@@ZX=4X8VZM^9J2DZ8H%R*KH6YH\CR_NH$8BDI8BFOM[_)PDXNN&-:



MW;RNV6CA\-/
!8#


 V8!DQ34!YH0U=KNT%EHL'F





I[&5



4LN#.L1:G8CMB2AEW

MO;SJCLQ.V;=7@RWQB

MLY;6:






VJ3_HX\&?)*3&3 -W2'U$G<<NW'N!


CEWV;?RX

M-Q*]]I



MWZ4UCQ;YG/U%1CV_T8%!861F;5XW\
=CEB;'7CJ?*%]-*6\C[(A]+F6VLHRS
[ET%NM%'H#@.%*:**H+ T%-:3


M[$KL!KX@52')T.-CQ9GQK\JIJ[=RB
RHHA4(OI3 R*D.N#I2BR4!+H +X%J#




BX%.&/857F=MPT3HLXI!!N5XOH[@:FKR2IH!+H +X-H$5QLE=P!7
MT1Z*0H+#OH+*$OP63;-IR%HZYC:UECSF5F5Z$2E2Q\@I'R)TB8X$ %$E!\1
MAHD=9R NPFJ[2;

MUC6[$H-C!TNT%)J'T)IJRS58$BR9!TN:K8[$QF)@2; D6%(%705+2F7)GB$O
;,(\%U'63/P8L%*U,(T(5_LP



M1Z@BN^
S(/;5M7T+2(K


&PEP 5Q@(9&QD&28I%;^R$/2UEVE:,-EYM&&M[(^JW/&2 :K
MZ,'4T7ALUY^L34B*;)@6@T 4U $]!4#YI8/0%10%1IB'8EYO0 FH FHG/
ML-6RZDU=0VR6I-5
3N64_7G@;!2UFEI242GM +*CH5:%5+PR9=Q)KH]492ZS

4 



DUMCH0.^UU


G 3@9V
M


MN3U8\@3$8JZ[5-]/)]I)\IZ+UUJ]7S[)IL8WN7IO/MF-
V

M\M(C[MK=NG?L:'IA-/=A\6U-W/_+Z3;8^!#3*-PKV:D]/O@M?M;$*--/=.]Q
M;[5__!Z\R*@]:GPO(ZQW&

D)GG!VBD 1L[#(K8C9Q/!)-G9 L]#5@





MQKVQ

KVK.R@ZJ[=A6)?
M673)/#9VHH$?1F'J@K#A<&0,AT9GU!L8S=;E8-36.DE!V+!G=+51,_.L*U:
MJ/:J2%32K(O:P$41&/^)95EP&



%=X[%



V?YURVD0)56PA4+MU


4LO!!#
M]MR'_LSG@_QWTAQ0M).?!XX?D'CA0
YM0)F.U$:\[NZ&P&:O&(;550@ZX4*

MUM[^L3!QM*UHI@&#G6).!21G$ZHXV42:M.)+J+^FUIOI%ROOLE8=:.D2


L217&0P:IX

9_9G']=C[Q/( _**]<VPN %B@!@@!H@!8H8LA!#
MDMR'&Q;


J8*N@B%E
J2TL[C D&!(

M^=/ ]Q)MIA'_[)+R+UJ
_)@R?M_&
\79&/P6J6M\I(EF.WSZO


M8O_='Y
'1H

Y+$DD-F6D5;V\
(/%MPY
M%LOL[(CJ'-1BX'A:Q(GSC!/7!UHMB;5U@!:@!6BM&^A); X%: %:@-:&0:@!
M6IDY8!7SL[Z(A$D6XI^-7PD=E109981K%1GH2D?(/1&&X  ( (1P
+6]K

:?:
MU6/YP&;1&TU&0C*GCHUPP*NP,\T<4JKK 4A$XA)2P6]=@YA;D /T /TGD*O
M*:^H'



7&: ): *:6#T5ANA!?NJ6YNBYX#.'

MOZJ(^/ACPM.*

GL:$%^ O\
M!?X?^7'7QU-WEE@H_0%^@+])6G^=62V$
3])4Z5):B6+CL\;/!E'H31AR/




M2P(6Q8%'_*V-I$
B7O5I'Z;WY!VA4?EB!T23)423ZX




MGO5 HH!ZH;L\

A&.#BJ6WH@F(H..5YJUK3K(:TML:%WU1'! ] J



M36X7_?;(G'EARA[?TC=V5)%-+0]L.]7-GKSD'J0'8W01(U(XEF$R0!D@!)





MZ?K6WY]__^WCSDN^\U'XMF-=+J)C S^
OOK13Q9=

M-OYT




MN65C/WB\



LQ]I(^?*G&GFZ;K##_



(\.=$'_]57I7II[LV9\'CDM

MM34+4-LW!)FS(@L_$H0HGQA65RSNM L:!8XYI5(LW:F[
.LKP42K?..N^3
M6E%

RBV0(*+:$Y&&

OKD/1.8@&1%




&@_95JZ=U
MVMUF][*]:!6E#<VKCEZ]5E'S@(5,-(@2'9ZXOH<A\99)G?4C1GQQ\1?2YG8




M5D_!EVNE?GI

M8EQ]64_&/

M*:6*H+ T%*;K.1P 6 J] 86!PA1115!82D=26M)VN?7F6 HKR19FEB+\1])
MZ7O@CYWHD-!LY8Z

4J7%J4+@ZG9S
MV- $N N.H++T.69A  7P 5P;40@\LC$J0JV2K+-(U-D5S3P^).$9,XDG2^


MR S&J#*165LH
$1  A4C 7F!$E4F$B0 $@ )%!3$4&4B00(@ 9! 00$&52:R


YY)#

5S&4Y3J[3[.)$3&R$%;VF@L) 88=26


M5S?&A?#FYG5:HX
:U=PT D8+B 9$ Z(!T8!H0#0@&A -B 9$ Z)1?^HE1G3V


3K]1R]_C@
MMVAJZ^3U_96DMQ+BJBC\&#R(^G.)XSMF.'W/BZE+/!819Y'/(^)LUB+.%B8%


RKRG6[$76XX15VZOO7WY]]_^_C\!M?


W:G?T




G4BI
MJ5A*C:QAJS*/$N

M^



P






 E&;

&H.6[K9'U:[:Z4?

MLQT-*U_(I7\FC0UH6%QC6+/3+?86]D6F%SH$\=;/2-(W_UP6(!3C[)H$NF
MWI;2)K.M%=KGLMQ-.C%VC/V RTO0V[50#^W9 M$];+GL[G \LDUMRB!VGC[#

M@?+;03BT;&NOL-F09NTJ/_4O\5)N&E'C-15$4V^BT35DS8)H0#0@FLSS\R4F

D :S[2E









XH6FS+)"TV/W3.NJ;$0CUTV40<
M%(V(E=!5L*1,EC1;$L^$!4N)<&22N@J6%(J2_8

;I
T]*2




UA-DU7D]@I1/6Y+SA&6'Z?





MDW?FNBIS1X #X '4O% 1^99.ZK,9;X1O3HEXF??V UN*P(E)1 XZ!Q-=&X






IKD


W






M$AO3@*LCL2X


M79.Y35EOCPK1#$0STF#/U'-(S@3T #U []FR9YI8]A!(E%M@Q\*(L%]SYH6
M/#HV^@=Q


!IO8K(5A..%H(<Y5GSJ@
]
M





\:UZ%H-=%@ /( _**6/2PYJD1


MQ2'1'C//:




W?B1B@DE1K30G(9/V

M

\3M;4QI


T6T;0E'C6B^M2#:$ T




H\GJCJV$&+.JSE5



_(#



.728QZ$5;[25


M

J]D#\
M
?'C@-]62

M
\)M[^P/=LZQ&TL&[8D
\\PTY74DKGJV&S))
]I*/6BG5'5MD[=+^I9:E8%K




1 .B =$41#1M





F=*-B6=;8MX;[!?0/$ #%






]80$9\P.'VW[ZS:/6QD




M@2$W(/R8Q=;?+-A0

?DB7J

M'O


MW

7
M]XL]KIY!F%2$G)$IHVXT)18-V/IF?S34=%VNN/%F1?SQQ4&O1#\CXG#FLV11


^2[;^^8ODP9
+Q2' W'T.N6/-//X EDO#T!D[




H=CFX^5K*N5OH

)ON%B2+0\$


DK&-

MJ6 SR[S)KZO@9B9]L?
48AG0JXRPJDM[T#AH'#2N*






M)HO!S%9'WB';8# P&!@
#)8O@_5PZEBASN6

M


MC&!/0#%Q( M3#./3K?%0Z8OR'%.9V=/_5W5*D=

Q0R?BTJ
UGWLNX]0O=DMGL#Z=Z3?-%7YG+^K^7RZN-L


MRZKWS:HG12Z=SNG7H=*OJ[OE:K(IB\G5[6PQ6V]6NX/^NI8S7P6O5(YHDJ^V

MW
MY16$6UCFYF#










MC.=BLIDM%Y-Y

15\O;XC^6MX\Y\W^#$0Z^0%CG!$).()R3T7I5
MZL4&[)V?U2NK5U:O!^K%Z3

W





 :




M

G9W[D/$KX]= ^$4&[!B:\2OC5\:OC%_/

2WG\UJ


JX;IK7-9M\:G6_95





MW9.UTW8T.X'0=:SI
XLA07BPHZ2
9UFR'DC68$466;*R9#V0K&^^)'RJ&QVC


N- QH&








O;;_[SIPE=8
MY7_ZCG)O





88\.+L\OMW7*M?W/

M




M^BABWOL:^FGBVJ'Z=1S:RU'T7WB^1AY].C^.H\
-0&E!*#/FV:CE

88^!


MCWG[]]L['+Z:#H8*\V?(S)R+5.3DRPB

J5

M\T^&G!TJOV:-4+F[5]:(K!&?#Q30@+?YLT:\&8TXL_5Y30[ZVPI_[.0?R7&_


9LP]F!_1M4+D;EY6!O3V;ERLJ5


?7'5;E.K4R*
MR:8 L5]OBJ]6Y@D<2%[<E:LI##S$:,7RNM@\S&J;JR*<C*]@2FL[\KI9O8A
M37EYM9UNBNED4[Y?KCY=]@:4;Y-/];3]4H]$P&]CIC\@_UHM\&99_+^3.8C0


M'U=I(8?A[.ML:1_.DI9]UJ_9HB (ZXOTWVI IF&XK\](GS+0Q3W-GW^Z3)BW
M+FOF)ZL&_V 4F

E4]

UN2IACM-R]B'A607O
M@RR[@76=?P8LBBH)^?HZQI

M






!).#C/-#0OC$
M*R ^R


U_6))


%EL0

MG0V?PK)


M
_KIHEB7
M9?'7)0R!R4]%6W^OT[92O:^?@[?B

HIZ=_?=

MXZ3J 3=)J#;;?*HP;+)ZL&

 Z






KE_HJ[WK\KL







M;%MR
E?[C
MMN7J?WCJ;[@L6JK



=Z P7KPLN[MGI!_G:KYQE

[K

_#&TQEN

M]_'V_53[@]C[CPVX?





B@(^-)\M%\.(S<.-J.Z-0%0XF2VJ

6/YI_?!TX_$WP+ZUN/U^1?S?U^7?KL-Z

MZ^T&1+R8ILO=U_7E[O5R.JM&K99J=Y1W4=P!5]51W^XWQ0SXG:VJ;[HHMNOR

$4/E\.[&3%35.C6YQ#3YJQ+V-WU_








!&U[KKC0ZM]JN+IA\_
M



)]KKQA<$<M/J'
M733]^/',HLN)Z.(T&



RT








1U[K+H[LW7YUT/3B)W((+&
 _6-@5KP/6O=E0;\

-@:SRBAI'D4]6Y
M$[#6N%7?NVCZ\0.B2+'$)(+5AMD119I2( :VLIV?XS2]^*%(& 80 MCF:1

8%0IC7?TD73BQ\.09R6GK




M\6 735]^%+/6:D\
X!LFNCI+%\83+ADZQ

MC@+#K?+31=./'PEKKKS%$&H:%+RBF@EKI1
.XH;6_$\732]^6+#@W3&7CFA



FU(PNTL[/



[J P/TI/6?$(732]^
M+&4*.:J(5@A;C

M[?QTT/3B)Y+T!E2T#)!

@M^UXV$'3AQ^!,6(1Z$(PZX,MK*
MIE;%QO;\1A=-+WZ2!3):8PFRH':U:'.!5*#C&K%GRZ:7OS %,2 9!N8

D*F:,<
M(%\0F27S5VE-%=:_ZGBZ87/Y+HH6BFBH3O'-6;&+$'ZVXV$733]^)&.!
M&$&5-AU$

M_%CN4R*;
(D% G^/-KXY=ZS]_*N+IA\_'KP%C(R /?#68$7K6%-Q;.(!^3E.
MTXL?Y5P@%': 
@%!'L%:I[H]DBY7H/;ZC2Z:7OR CF@K
 J6I9H
H2)APL/0


M/S1 &!4 1  [O R(I;
L



^#(1HBHE7;H;C5+F#0*(=GZ.T_3A1V'$N$VM
M&0B!  \3TMA&28P)K?+31=./'^PIL3I&BJR0$;'FK(]&PMOCBRZ:7OQ0AXC4


M_#AD.(FP!9AIRF ?T/YN693M]RN[:'KQ$R*WD=&4RP&4PS8VOHR!4-RTRT\'
M32]^HH+A0$F84

%7DR02 1+G$'!U+&=

-M@&+J!DK?Y/%TTO?C B7*&H$E#X31IA8


MF]IA3D.
K?G

&ZM



*H%[Q/1
MU- U)-R71*#4D*F=G^




$F(=%3\

M






M.FAZ\6.(\!B



* 9
O&C#4 (22=90R/6%3YY(%=:(]7NZBZ<4/Q$X

$


(^-^D


']V! Y%*S\=-+WXD<PC@!+AC7&4

9$XDPULU;<):#-]SJSW?1].



YX+B)Q0FBY[_VO:7N^MXNF%S_.




-&\-








%$\-#4GW&!@V.'1530U$F
M$N9(I8@09H=9-2V76QXH0DR8!*$^RH3R70.KTTO#-@J1-J&/\.\JA0C.5



MC 4Y;.A#2


M.386C=^3P119THIIUY9XFRD#8I6.B/Z.!81!13)Y&W$/R IP422FWSM#S\
MFG![V-##+B&'TFU/XJ+4QC8]EZM+&UGJ\TP?0(
V'IX5'01E LWYRU
8M
M/RRBH]%!%%L Z\94!/4!_9%$,PX:0Z[&R?9((G'@Q!^LGC60X8(G3 9X0

A4
0(I;?^'.&IN 3%IB!;L2\:E-R?($LOP&AA&8\$@;Z&

MJ



&$NI%D\8
M-M0&J@_[HJ




M'PV*IB-G)9F!W4(A!)3R33MG.UAZ)/$[EGB0()5DT1('@80P!+;$5^7[2$?G
MT&%7+3I$E0?/AW##P#\(43439 BUO?OR0A


4@KN(*C/!HO'*
M' :9T9@)15'$P@OLC$^EVSRX:H( )6%PY[,:8(.!&-=*E]+XD6$\5J24L/




H:CEC8$



MAT$&8G]*67H-!P(EK@


M*]A! ;

587'83(SE=(DJ@'=F')80 #)$+=L_-1U24]/Q


&A@_K
MX%A.EQB2()K*6\PQ
2AX!?&/L%8ZX9R/A\\'QQ(N
18LQ/#





XY


5%$*P




M$&@\.R@9J$TR[Q8[8Y7T37=*84P\G+(82Z=TX:E

/H.A83GA35@RVV AN<@



X%CN33QY
M@F,YFU </FXM* [$$^!I1QI\,T'%CJ0-QQ+1PP0MDL01L-+(*Q-%$Q2PU'WE
M\.G26,(EQ5.!R*80221WN7VH7DB$PM[I)1K+-6&2B!

M7HV/3' T9@($C!- MA#31F(*]KW^(WR2/QL?BB*D1N(Z/IA!=\&FQC$]$;


MTQ#C^'L;:J8E1+M1@X0% 1$!+'ZJ5=

&ZO








MTY
G.)9R2L




MR@(+(@Y/
[Q
M8[%%TT!@3*@0=10A\&T(X/2&3V+5')R)!X<RQF]2V<12F$.]I'BE97P.$





D&#


OIPS($5AQ;U%ZO
=:

8 J&0B*
@5/H@1&G6<FL24!N4)H6D<1U/WW_&7D00I$ $O1FDC82N
M0

MSHB07DJ;VCP8%NL=U LZG#2:32N6C*@ZYQ!TX

MF1A+Q6_$QD0$'.G(% T -J%Y S2&2
?_!FAD.O!43V 1Q'\(-! U;Y\%'XX\

J<,3'$N?[<C!EBE)PM#U)#4]+PY/J-.


W.DD?A8/)F82K
U5=4][/3@L(^U)V.K




5F7Q83+?EE?%



MR\EZNRK34A97B:/-
C'UH5QMBNOM!OY43&Z7V[30\)=)D5B#D:]FZVGZ;;4P



:;W=[!?J7=G$[N9IO)






E5E$9Q$J6%L'2
#_]Y- ]U[9'8YGW5-&







XX*E6[*W&*7SZ7*(68+[CP7W#&M*(8@





+(\E* 55AJ,OY+AGO?[S[K\5.KE;@.)9JN.8928!7Q-B
M\[:52&.63(-HYM-8J$+RP[7L'.^WA^ =FC5'88WIF2C@2:I?EIGPI44DL
ML@Z$
G&R542\PHNYR6)<5Q)23E.6-MSZ<35G!A*.8^0J=)*




M)ML







M0FQ8H


MQI*K
Y
B34




FE_*A;:-[WL\
M;$.NA&%SQG4K33







MW%9



3DP-#
:4KQ.=2F*/
MI<R<?3H%DY$




MRN[W?!91R9?*
KUS


P0OO[WJYW3H0?
A%Q#'^LF'@IEY_W





GXV!W1\_
-JYC
G:[WY:
M-(MN'6

M$80J8@L4T/8/]W7['X'2]




M]Q\


0=E.
S..G&IQ
PQ@CKCU:ZK&2=].4S:.G&J1
ZKIR)!MSS'IIT%*3DLZH<$%!3TLAW3^%S7R@D$
M&[T%COW]_4$\9YN=UY3[J9)(
3LOQZ]'L%P@3@F=BFO




BG1B^

M;\CW-NF]_4OQ_A8A+C$/ER



MO:*3:$*/%3
S?'@_&' 6$3J]#1+_B^2WF.QY%<_QII_HU4/E'Z;\1'2K

MT
.G6&]W91R3*3V+./1N?WGQZ
_47;47CPMPGS\O50=7\!3RI(#[O/M/&L
M'VG?5.:
0LC+ET4UWB+H:#X4\SD.B#1IEU !T



TR/!


M\_DYOBT




MUL$M-9KG5
;F9%T+5G

MH_


M+1*
MS&
L*\22 07AENWHIWS'RPK)3NZ0G*M6C NGCR@I0J;/\- 8!&@JF3G


MGB9?JC16 25KB:WC]#4*P2S-%R%;8IY?E?XM4E6
IX0RJ)Q+MT=+K4R88OZT



C+&7



MJ-[E'*HY/[UZ3[6
2S*1

$H

MYLGF


M76OJCD6&F3:(N%.-]CMPT@L(U R/C%W65I;ZEBVRM
1_X


Z?)-U./(L5LJ
FW\%B#)#8[/*M2]

M.RL^W+KWD:SKBZ]_U
C9F+T?24T'B&]%(_B'O/&+W'@&3P!U8.T1N\<ZZ

M]&V
L:BU36W
) I_4 ?8I&I=S5]K5=S6:^NVL;:T0@0Q:\MLMK9;CVV9K
H1


W5?+HZMWI]IC;)ES_
M*YLT!E!)WP J.A'U7D.I_SUU(;B;G%IUDYQ:MMA'[FEAM)3ZY.AN.V8VZ
M79[B(#T?1!V#I ^_2Y7U1+PZEV[

M2=QR!8..7@TTE$-Q@Y%@%&J\O(;ZJV



)W
?ON/\HMWR_3H













K=RO




M\?Z*JDI_RI.3CK7N[1=^$\IC1C2P?L*_;S\O'3GK
?JFG?1QE6:QV#G]M[1S


HJYC':;I:WOZD:\&-W&X/GW[8^;GR;.3Z8XDJF<

Q_]QE:(
]NN.
M3TOLH?EBW2UGK?K9$.44L1$!YD(L)E!3PZ E9R*;P2)%':IC]WJ/-D$1[-
M%XC9G[_#HA_2Y

MD=H_XN?#4VO@4=]:W*3XLUO\EE:W_H+'*7H6.,=H]9Q 2Y3R[J -C9#%$Z
MSIS.+.G\@



MRAE9GV66/'&J)Y/!OX0R= ;4K6X\,/UN^G\4THOT]I8/TF!.%JV\20QS6@
M(1S%75='D
XY8%9X:8BC

MQN*ZET!3@3U27=+IRRP:),+K7QH





KO8S!)Y]#!MJU^


M-'H@
KDNBK)% [



MI?.95
?BZ5MQ&1S:K3Z*ASV+K:L/VBLBE$3R4 +D2 R34 DK=&*P\ZDPV5

)=1V-_)SA^9;



/#(
59(_JM;C409K5]*U^FD%!Z/TVX)K?WL-Q5K+'





) =*-=@ACP9X1#
\A#1$HB!$^)





MN.T.OAP

MJIO








Q
M\!J7&N9Q9;.))


M51X7DG)69T;/LMAV3M*VPU


T%UK&BCG; QZ_*H(RL<


MU[*)/_IS6KV=QQ(49W-0?3BZ4#4I&HJ3SD7%0#K!(88@@ A7L$'UCP6:HAW5

MN4L*BII[7L?1WI

M\U1W4 +U#5^UD$:;)\5?K:.G\*=5^49$G?!2HB.1P@\(+I9^1(#
M2$9FI

H8


IINH:$]NF5:VLYL2??ZK
MCT^&Z:3:&TF+(P*N=
0P#LP* E9H@JN?]ZB\&Q5=AT6@CJ4\%%WFEP#WF1Y

MZ39BV+ZB3=+K?/&7T0

MW7!+N.=2@[.

;^'97-
\\SHGZVJ\W4KS
(,5A/ HV*77S.R\J4ZQ/,<0FV
MUJ%.)M.Z5,.3SNOD:SP%!9)D![:<*.,4\ZA[18]*_Z7?/54FSKG C42=J^W
M=Q=HHJ4IEBN&3'D&&U G#]FC
1BSIS%21[LX;%0*Z#&@SM09KM$(@7^X_=GV



-R:5^


U
M!+1JP%**1BB-(D7- N
=UIXZ[B0U^-



M\K


M1)F!3$T 0W5Y3
S-;#LBWX!8=GZU/H#?(GL;7'=AN<VYGSP(!2

4-)
N/D=UWD./Q.AQAV'@N[^33EK'2TBQEJWX
B_2VR+Q

20





N?(=


$=9 MQK2CH/GX$:3L%&
M5FYLR@K?P5FP7KRW82DW.*BU:'90


D0PLUU
MZ6Z*^RS -@?%W2IN2&9:&)V 1]2A


X


M]I-U[$UGKF5^W7F;M#82'&



M@HW+D62%


MH5[JDGL8L+L:X9(3 Z\W!U2+3-.$-$A\UBE!X%C;H_] 5L[G=WG9%[;Y.;;
MB[;#]_B'2C;)..M\9E S:


'N+6W3
.L)TX8D%)#HP'DRC:DBIBZ&D*CKD(.$DM\]
MG_J$MO*[NW6\X8F_.7:ELNOSAE#&M=$22/'1,U9S(*PD-44MT7$5.-,=-&Y:
MZ7GPB,3I=5J9PK?7!P]+V[=\YO9JL1H2)/WY6;WT-E!B^*-S%8%:M%.+5%1
MK
T*0@H$ @LV:J%)BAV4)UK) W+
4X)A4!Z/8\]G[W$WGB\./_4]6*[A7&0:

](QJHH0%40HL=


MR.&8CL=+-SHJK[@NEE6RD$46( /N.CY0I8+3PM .+WA&=9:NPK)!(!Z#7IO[

@9/.4FJ


M2DI!)B3B-L$8R


5^SCQ^

M23@/K3$&C-(X*ZU
@/]70$A.BI/


M
+Z6JV:8RIV).5[DP]E7#I1_5@1&;D%6]()LTQ*M!Q4DG7,3@E#6GG@C?8


M24_*E:^R&805#J(
$:36*3)C!6$=+I7J; &7.E&&)CQZ7\O_?*7*3\4_;LU
MV:RJ**0'HR)#!QW HS+ ;0QG#$1@XX=XK%5NJRX3/Y7'YFQ^?_DO9M
2Q]P



MY8_I7FV]_#$/B5D7EQ5F9T2R]1'



+BH&T@D.
M



M\M'-XMB#H5/XRW_]^O+='I*?%JO-=K:Z2G_\]__SPP]WR*VS9?HVO?XA__]O




(





MC#?9

*?[[;*OXT3Z]GN^6VY1!/]C/@


MOMZ1$



MOS

RZ:31^CV/





M)F A/0NTG]Y\
.)^:!!



;4)M9#
0F[5A[6+FNIE?M5)
$.1DF3@0
XEAP$X!QJ(!%:MU^


M:K1*I#34:*\\

B'(!V.69DD4M+M/76
M6.EDOKL]R*F 8Q&),F;L#_
/#U%Y6DM8!I 100-TAG$O& <F9ZAF5/ZNITB-H
MM5CSQ/XH



Y:

PHAH9!


M_!)ITI-W?':[6
XK/-\/GDD@M\HAXY3$A@%BPE_O)44=#LH'\6;VA7'6#QPM

-P

U[1SH^.8O#Z
MRRI=;VX6G]X$7
/?9Q_/GA+5[2

MOG$I=&Y..=$B$0IY3Q45WFHC

4?./.)V_3




O


;3/!
:1+-U6=
9

MHK M\T@E9!

MA-J?60[FB!IR






MN-':2B
5X






^



.-?FC)42
TF<OQ';H@M]DMM-G;?2W:?AZ
M-HMM^BY=?UY<I6_2]2*;GSN&N1]B7#8: 4






MHT1[ZSF2#EINPG[]

MB%F$K)+ A74+6E:



:

O^&^?YK-MFA
!TK-W
MAM1JFU#*'3


N1#)
2JO6#G+$/*#.*
F
A10= &)3??*X6%8TAKM1ETEY6G
MR%TP3$6FFD'O.7!#!&%;-@S-VV73T]ZJY6PV ZIY\6&27IYID2T2
%A\U:

USMSUVVJ=WEW&_&*? 9 /O_A6&LY3U5TE7#*+




@V7-93@B[DTX2!Z7E

L
&XQLMQ#2# C+EA'I:5D#6[O!O
B.Q)5R=\H5W0B78F



J
MNUJ8W3K'Y*[TJTZOLW4:H#D&VQFZ=.\\$9PI200.WZ '+'R?A
$#:MH(


!;A+3$T#-EK22N4);65+4O$S58
M4&P









MB5&$4  8H0)*Q'C8FY6;

M#3_=G@_RBO+^1  @):$8@8D@08K OL)3/MW?2#Q6$\\T^C+U7%^DS^FF7S

MHGQX'W'Q_F:VJD&ZJ.

M!9XHIZDQQ#HB2J\O


M822:6JP


#-2
51XPX@EIKW?

^6D;
E(1,L,SHT(WJ:LPB6.TJZ0G)I0[2

MVP]PSZ
Z&C

M3HA1*;]?8!'<+?GE(A_AY_665KG
WR(D5



M!'



V)A]JQF



M @; L/;S3$Q_^T1XU0796.Z6@X_E?=A.[6;+QV.X\/IT.JPHS@/$D )*.@:1


4:

MR];Z)%T+4U!V+\Z$WWY^]_/;O0GW)MWZ+)N?KQMRZO&$.)]?#\X\I\I3H+2#
M]PNJ1!-T+[0$.^L=C%B?Y\ML]7&;KF]M^F'[/KRY8MD^]G@BF#%6 H8=X1Y1


&3#0T[

M3&1!
UQ:JDPO/OXMG:VW9S7V^*$$(ZU)D


MO&;;


(=JG9;I-WZ:S3;9J6+2D[5L2KRV7G@0[BABE
M)=]GV!0VE.FP5LF+HMAXD(YX1/!FM[ZZF6W2-^M%L*F7RT.EXF*'Y;Y^2J^V


$8G3*'K!V4_S:[HZ1H^31'
M!UR=7G.F6:(0-09YQQVW !E F%I$I-/5B[#Q768D4GM)XS/R89CC4U6O03



L:O(TW^.YVM
M-V_3NW/L;?8F0*#N!_BB!5E:])@8$=971!ER^7(JI:;.E!

M

M+

E6FVRYF
^VZ5S/PK;M


/WO%JML[#
M7CZG8Q\1Y0$WCT;VLL;)T.E&1=((*.1A![3/ 90TNXY-AI%+9HM2R82))6

2OFX

M_LF$3[8LT^(XPH@[!Y%DX1_@C?2%?


M]^SW.??*L;T_C].OZ[A^3K1(%(&&!@

M.7V./)THBX2W1B@@N.)*4RA5(1ME-F8]EK




M3#C&CEBD'30

E@M]GV]GRX<M?YFG<CP9W


/E
5?IJL4H;:_2^40(T-X[F%4<T]-PY[O
F#[GWB_I\G/SU?1A
ML\0P#+FE%$*2)RX!HU6Y<#B*V\_ @]6('' &;@],GUJ]6:Q;S<*/&R8(0&9
MHI99J0W5E.O2Q
. MB\(.UAIQ@$UVP6:6#ZFQP=F+U;;=)UNMF]GVW1_%_$\


PXR*#(CI$6

M0CP\5D&71E!?;I18J#.=X66013VA29(9M1!ROP,?H))$_TH+1L(H?@30]T%
MN8794MUA I7CQ&@8_N&. FP) 4Z$KOVUZ /7#[E0@V:WC42BZ]'1ENYBIUL

M0J@AQ8J

M%]/#6Y


MP'%3R*HM;[\ #3:_#$F2/K$:9UJI=WA\/!# &6FLPS386!X#I)@!!6I6AR]B
MS-/BKF78B$2FX-93Z(I2 )*\]!=R!\[M
Y?^VHFQIEV)IA

D
M&
3*4B((H7DD(BX )D2H]DDU(Q1CJZW@FJ67FV$3:^(;MIPN4EP1 *!GV%@E








MP5*Y6GPJPM+?![



M7[ ;)*-$F;9SY]3M(L'(A^U*V*YR&RP)PY'@H$# ^P[^''@Q[KZ!L(K%EF*(



A2RD9!A/O+YG=^758$
GI)XK
M+\;A0U7*_X3H
&9

MZD/-F@$]J.MH@%=G=

M.E3Q'
R+.S 3ND(4E0[WU]
UF1&.MTH@Q-QSH*5B2EK(@12ZD#- T'ZG
YAK

M'#$=2L-'N%6@1P;T T\L]?MLG0:SR7V]NLD/HFN3X&R[!!F


Y#0['PJ)!.*-$^



D8HM9CS*@I

M)7C2MQ_V&2 X %@3H4EQSG
N3[5N%PD%3EGLPG(
G! .005+!*0'[0_2(G@M

-



86



M4 Z8%H64RMA)'TQT45K],EF





MK7




M[&7D6B*MU+3=M4
KMGY

-8D9)@$EX&0^R

2

M8X

MS3L28+&AWAKH

M-!8@I80N
!





^()0 03Y7$

MQO.F-4-\TMZT_HO;&




K^X]7ZVQ=I
-2%S&)TU)$0G!)\!-29E65P2(\8^R^TOGL2'
M!1F'I97(










I9/[(/JK?9UVJ]



MNY]KT_G[K

-)1:@E5















!^^_G=SWKV





@ET1K!7M@[T2YG;((3.^
MP$=PUIZ9@V7370(SXVACV'.L[&I_9!4P=6'DVV\O5M?9^O91&E[/ITMNMLZ+


MIWTX
HCFZ[.K1T3_9-HD3S(ND6#C$
OL-MNP4UP7!2Y.'UM4M$@@LAPHA;$0
MGH=U0(BP'SO(1SUH7SUD
)_T8!I\6GNF%\1B

MSHA%4GN&BEDQMB:1LNG359@QE]X/7'X
HD38_I4:27LV^]^/BW=+8^?2OC
M]P_E7@?!L9($6


MEWC@(%





M*;2Z88*\$Y@X)04!'')J'=% 'D*]O1AKIKLW=8H@7+'FS\O$A]V.O-'U2A


K*86 X4\@1[S


!D
M5I#N6_1!4)L 9_ZZ/N]MKVJ:: BA)4@YXI&@@%-@P$%B(WT'O_L8/&FEROI
M:8-8R[BK!T$?#R_0OC\?



8YDL7HDT-Z@G

MUC[?


/]_=[S$DQ!-94QHZ^UOTEB O/6*!2LL3W[F

MQ:5$C


MHCCC@C%K%;

8


9C9
M-!R
1H<-OY]2\HB:I1$@E.D)RS<MKE,D$SWX ;&SL00G@#B@;C.L@-4K.;H
M:OP#R1^KXFXS^VUZ=\KAK$[S0)@7B'CBH386*.\1JPR645D2&2;E[Y4B/6 V
V%@2 %HX]D8^C(CE$:5.@0 USZC1;_14B6@&+&'(O/




M$
KT$M_P

 QP65$LZPK&P7$0G9





AR


Q^#D;=W

;V_.5MU2
MHR^D!G/++/Z*0UALYJ7KX

V.KE_W!-A)]IO.;Z;=9L7K6_;.K3?V7!


6HD#]+*RTEMUE\7R[C[


MVWXJ;A;W\^E_BMMWMW'OG-Y-)X]QN3NW@ELUO_TM_GHZBY(J5O'?-@_%K2WN



(
F#.$@.YI:R[=SA

MXX1$B!

V3-UL$&8^/6@/'( )



M
(A]751;[5$;])EV@3!EJ*8LXB:(H\!P5TT6[ UN$:QT66;G;G%*-31/'XJ/




D70



M%?+I+HH]YT\=0A/H K'1V'!V13_2(F '.+2Z84X
 H85$UOM*U/^\]OZ7

!


HL?VYA::()O&X9E5]$O7-1
MS=411DNM)+(:K[


9P&^^5WFY@V\OJ97Q()]@
)?MMA/^S
MX9\5_K$F07+


?V#*@S=
1?%G8^&N8
MQIXW7A0(IH XI'U9VPP)*B$'46^'D$683(LB'[VM


M]UAH;P08

/2-1O0902V4QWX
...7I

JMYKY&&

976\TP



M(E!UC

MR#COO 1QMQ3




?C)=
MEB4LBM^+R6JSW+J29M./L3W*#YW2DUEIA?G\M2C6?ULN-M^BW X#*6M1;?MK


M5M/5F2O-
RT#(Z7^BC2%W
@(.A:05!*P K0H2M+OE6:W##A.KPY &TKM^[A8





M.&B*L
0
 

5\F&F1Q^EEE]CAJK\V0 6[U+C&9<\Q





MK
&5EI -3A;]\_#CWZ?%







M%


D




MO'0JXQB%&



M^G%WRU9^?-NQCXO8GV(]W:?/*N;QG;WE9ZWW\;&3LMIR9







5FF
M=


/74J4;?_W*S6NYIS
MBP?UP;RKC95?+(^N/&TGUI!=#$I0K8%B5EJ+B97:8+J7H&%6I^<F'-C

DG
MYP%=2G.99MF)Z_SD6OWSH9PQ$A ,MO,E_N+<&&NXI)TB?L=?
)HIB4R$B'
M/4*




M=$?T-I\

'%$0^?ITO]IJK\^NT





M
^NEJ






M




W
67$0
1Y=V_GRP

M%3._A:PN1ZNI$LU7]9RKA/


MC#*8*V!$-4*/Q656R:XMMKH7S&DH72
?+LG/8' :7)^? 8:


=2&!EGF? $



2+HD')DL+_
9CRR[C
M1S&_;5Y7]GG3 !DRGE@6]WB@&? 2E:-V#4[NPXX

2
UN+H3
M_#B9-CMDG7Q3

_





2V+L



F$-F/GT#0



MY[

4B

M6#E2Y@?T(I[WB'#&5J



9EJQ J8#)W+VPNO::*\9AB-


(&





M


M4V




M%! HJ'#


+D1J].

O;]L@-][B] A%%9/R<3)MMA2]


%!G%:Q9

MD!8S

KWM7KP\*2XDM$X@8'U
M4GM4@8$IN]AJ0DWUUA%!'=
D=\B@U
X)_M2+@K6.4X(%D)A ;J2GM-+QD#
T


K
MG*QD@BQ(CTT=\-+\NJ=4%W(;]R)UT?VEC:-T*4
B.
U*M:<TU^.,ASBQ6Q/FI1AC(L#;85'EJ:TNE7ENZK?QPFF&6M1_.X32F


MR]RVG:(WV)U\&9 8A;$^=/_PPR

0R&W6D\?MA6@6W&HR6M&;7-
M'(/:2)YA
.Z@TY*'





OQ5M[A*0H8;1'Y*#K3.O

5HE:8N$A78\04DKP5CUZD^7+AZ1B[Z^1)E@I)WO08


56N!28]=(((DTH%P^6GD&


/WDJ:(Z!=

M.\C0+M0+B(-3Z(G;R.KU

*D3= -NH$6C*.#+4 6L/
MYW)M=,XN6]W*\1A;6F,V)C=0$C?VK0+0,J*QA'&)0?&<F@.WD2E@3<_8]9X


M]48;SX35B'JL 1/5. D%0^YLO=A7:LNQ@7VE&6;CV5?&+=#+
$=
2^JM+X^2

M@STN5'$^:-Z0EIFK:HOXK6C$7F$;BDY]ICBS@E+&/41QBV:&
$1
A2[%1*4'




J !W(K$%BOV;X#
4#O5G%N;%:
MJ9M_;Z:K:0VCV)$6P0GN==2X)3!4$*:Q\]7




*T:-'BERXQ!37
^#(7@

F5Q62.
J3)R5S
'X]38C]U@+C+*
M9#: ?


!06:5:&C2B B!(1J0HMHU!&)5ASX%N/T.9&Q(]Q U]^+I;?

M/
H^)H+[


@8(_0CD?$/V;K:51TBR.#@XW(
M=^YE 3+&I*!8
%QFL#&:JTJ7MLZVNSKO,1O#H3K&,[Q2%;.B.#^%1
;KX6

M^B\(%F.L+(I#0I2:LF([JQ9EIX%+O^:7E\V

M

A9O4/

J[Z)Z!#3










M



MG!67R




I/L

$ND -XBK;MAJ&E
M3*=,Y[$YO5.F#\ 2Y;YU7Z\OZF./E_7)&*(6.(.@YT (X_QA7XT_)DNW\X;


M

M'OW-WIAE1@7O
1#Q_.@-4=[;


2\(.+O1\(
%D^LED^VUI<BK'/YDOS.0#BF1%#O2!(.8&P
MU91AY#$@-;+%=7W[4O3T:WTS\JI-M+_\R[Q]*K^_4R'WPN2<2@TXL2#J+=;



MK : $$W/J3Q0YK 4D78.2Y\N
5U4RC!.0^_CTN*=]UH*ZQP[;!24#YFK\0+/
M1IT!.RQ-TFHJ4&VU4
@)2XT@7








;Z?KSMV4Q.7.7\_K!P#EUF&M$L:+:*8VI/'30
M^Q;RZCQY;O?R:@U'LKP6_RGF?Y_

-




5E&MA8 R11A7K/QIOUXXE%YFJ?
LL-V+LUML4G65



M]\7I:7CL\0 4UUY)*1V7&&(77;8K^.JTN*^X@),(!VADBC;=SM?D GA??Z
MP:]M8+.$C C
3
.WDX9\;#37IJ].YSBG8OMM9X_$*AREAC8)4BSAJJD086


VMB7
W'UOL\%0:



M


#+9Q2(KR
M:DQ .IBOXTD; 2WZ@^8ZQ)Z=V\GHTNY$3?_'9/;[9+G^'
$L5O&T\#\G#_-'
MG@[4.NNHTX1)*JWP#C):=14BFM%)K2/(%UUC
M2I_M5^I']^B1TX$VI_HE50


R[CC4JJ$
M+F\HB'-;W[
#AL*BC-(Y=RJ]EXSH%*41=0E=S&^^/DR6_VJN4#QK&JA$&$#%
M@(P#EDX!@5@U8A:Q2.9%SY$J_6L5;7 :CQE5IYOO(^:!@$)ID1J:6@% NF
MI3CHZ!#IBU
R$@5ZEBF=X/8K
.92%(]
B)+E=?191:16^\P)]@PH,Q6LZ,

 2C53O-^6W/MR]F]_&KR^GI9WE'U^G-U_-


M'D'; _DQ/Z!]/Y(_]_GK9%GHR:JXK6KX#O:ATPY.O7UOO.*^CUTJM9-XK-J5


MI
SQ


%T;!Y'-[_].)O



MXSX6RVVLT_RFV WA[+7.D18!4J

M9:






6P'


Y;W#
/F3Z2H?Q33^Z_Q3[5+8;A57.UD7?C)=/F_
MD]FFR
4[B)AT
*I+/.6ZA0
9#

MQD(










*C;#,9O3TP7<S$ &N?2.$V&$U1@Y 4%K 
*


M-208;K_X65=)3;E2K\P)RX[J^7ZR9(3__9RN8F_I]*F([H]\_^/4#$B86

D/
;D]?28P:07#!DBM0'<.
34P0I)
M

7IO@D,2H3(G(0!*@?(B1+%*+A;Z]'@R=JW3
M(VL!7<K$<3^*Y<UT59ZRGR\49Q7V7CX:./%QA?)(4JN98 Q*<+%64W30Q_X




M5;I51EXC;?O&]U(.L-7X#L;2+XOU9#;86;;.YX/44E!@HV@QDM@H4Z:UJH3

=M&XJ^]VNX+R\%N (ITB08



MV&+S][O-!+?GHGDH%PM?KI)C\01GKGQ3@
UMM.48N4)0IXA7:M\LCDO!'C0@H






T@PQZ'DTA/'3KTM:&*<PDPR



BRIR?[%?P[WT]FTETX^D]O?[;_\#4$L#

-EZ]FN[AM1\2*#RJ0D


^Y?Q
MKXY^@G[W=OC86_JCMZ;UUC9__EYO_@2(AT7=VF8P
GS\^[//?[/;3YMA&/[2
M_G;\:)V_]$'R6/.7__/K^\^MGV_SHF[28IW]Z;_^!P ='56YS3YEUX#^][=/
KEU+P@<1D*=8??I R7B_




# =SS90 BT80@

//WE+?_+6
/L\^V\L)#WEMES+Y;:C

MA\
?@-];W

MC





MV#+=!'JAA6S30J-ZFM@U651




M#-


']1H[EA2J/AFGN=N'WIE



MAN/@+(S\9*G


)
68R_-?QX
M:4N  X5Y2C0BB_?@5@@ZCFL8GN

M

^JYN&2O/)-/XQZ3U=9K@+#!P[##S'M#PK= QD1P/VT$-F[&6

M



@J4CS 7
M'PB2$.LEIC+F#+

M1G)#/R!!/?16)H;8PL9=A!B*\!NA%T8)N/Y('$2+Y5PN8'.DE^+$=7B^94_
MDO.G4Z5!U)[[CU\]3
N3X
U4UX4;B

M7\V:I3@;P8^7FW@)4+XAES
62^2APY\



.7%ZJ.?/D+-&68M\.;8;XO*C3^R=?KWY\UPX9\JFTEK5
MCY=;Y5&C,--*CM^RRUH.ZP7#L&#LTM.J0B,,;<OP?&_ G03.8GNMQ-#.O<!%
MBRPK&-@EE[JHBJD6^?1@O<L/T05],6RSKWP1:3(_7K*<R,<L:V#$([7P!3I
M/#O0@:$=&[[K8#^BMX0



YKXFN3%[ML


UZ3*4I*8A\25-



M(XJS&

M0V0SWR5[A*83_8[)S.K129CNQM.[9^7PPBH_EU6YSK)-G1#/\/XMW-LEPH?]

2
M
B.D?L4-.\6L*VX4!$T/;5;NY:D5-\I8Y9OX_9)^WX]AC[ONXB2&9N) %P6D

7
M9V]DL
/Z
A%;J

M\]0\$\PH+FOHV]1! X?8Q/9F3F&339EF(I)/F$0Y5*)+QQDZ(4L2:-5#E60X


M1 

F^JK+@)811&

#%[6S'R$\RC2F(69E8C
MP6Z8('ML


.D15%81A:230,R^

+(]RW?=WEABF)!+)05-*%;$@^TA
M(ZX)-RKP

7C?.JH\0+Y-V[[T?#VA
DC@
'





BN
&2O/FZ4%?4EGBU;%1+]M52[1+




M)




)0@N3(PG.$Z+SF5&[
MZ/ERU%&X:&,/@L7=0*T^]6_E.#YN1MMMFU=T2V [&E5NT*Y5HXYMF\6%=9


MY_#S;Z#K+UH_3\KR

M:3H''L7UP^CX:(&@P\=N.=- [PD877GZ1Q?@

/9V9Z62U!WBQ])9N
U?O7*AH%-

MA

MI7+\[39?W^YGA?)QY2;Y=5$VX+XJO^8;WN7C
H/%ILH+18E/CQ^')SX(S[#P
M_!#HO
K+3N )S540!3W45H5CI?(6S*NPU;AOFTA[O^:'6#/

(J
V#
MPPMC


D&2P
E%]OMRFS=_*W7;SKEVQ/8YJ
M#G
^. P\[0AC.B@V;H(K@'XSFN%'&:F*&NN^(8H&&0 ??*':0=NNZ-+=
M;)P\H!\F_?%



M1KI(?AA1Y=FE.)G4TSH[/YM\2CK2V(
#;P9X/]&=+/$2C/+L])R36;'])L\:



M)7X!NP!Z
MM]WH 1W/Z7T&ZW8D8=AL!N@(P\3!;'WH9]D)J@50=;FT;2=@X!Z/YVT$#V





M*

!)Y0#OE!T$
+%/A5JFZ^G%7I^C;;[+;9Q^LC2%!9-_47

M&I/+OKY@?I+%U@=(()ME/I^)CB/S\7*I7'X^7;(_I:I&QYXAHOSFO[.T:GH#



M*R9S2D^=A4?U_?3G!+'VUR=0JV&_?8HWI_KODUEBU2O:G)[

E^SK-0G$2)Z%!2K3
MPPD
G-A''LF0@GV(;)=Y#'B@9SO@^Y
M;OP2-J)ZSJ*];_!)XA:2'7$:V71G%@8YYR1$R%.B/
?(.2$]D_G40WNFNU%*



X

.43-+C67#(J4? .K[$2Z&@TG<+IP:
O:)@QMRTA<!R7#G*?C
MDG_XSLQ5#(;GE1

G(25&2-D4Y

6D&.











M7=%D-U4WWPAC9


MPJL.*: ME?0G1JS*EIN)QDOZ
D*5

MMHO

M[Y'.F^'$R/
CA'TZ53\B/UPU91-NITBO$)FN6;!1X0+[^&FS=?(HS[/9[$


M=$DA
S
M(B+*HTY:(NS#BY(RC1%694%I?0N+#?U/_(]=_C7=TO%$V*TJA[RXN:OZ7:7
NR IMR=]5<[[;TG/G6&<XZ;!+;C.787#1S
M5F4]++#'U8Z_CG7:[%=W'&7I5(TF@UP]-$V.*\]OVI#%#_N
SU?R\+)Z();&






9U7S

KDNEPH;*
M)WKO2:NC!Q.2_[R[NZ_*KUFW ]K%8PQM&*4Q';@F6'D);VUR#)BSDT2HE:4
M2QM%U!W:2O_)#[#QR9HPC6Q*-@=_?.(U$M=^\8Z%.5*=829$^(TE4L]]&BR


*B2W3\=S!8$!^PZ=2$PPI
MEZ@16_N&96(=ORE
L@G43!3RJ=-C[@ZZ=PM(TW&3NB2!%;U$49CI326QSG

C&L8M(J/Z'[:
3'/M!3[WLO6L4]].--+VIVH(K
M)0BGEE_

MXF4Q-
ORLKE6B)RG=?K*$*F


M4O
1R2=3CY?7'SYU'*UDT2=$HY!.NA5))\.;X:?S)#K%I%-RI_R[?;%4)6


&^Y[O0&XZ^Q@9RN
\:

Y(4FT5QS


D?.C3SJ)WXB/C 

'#IVTYV?;]


HQ!ZL1='






M/6V)9T



&T@G

YW#TI?F$.;CEJ'TS\OS-E_3[
MRV:1&R0NJ;2#)$2&Z0<)#'%OUC9,Q#GA.=G<'/5MBQ#DQ;J\RT3?I^[!WF.
MI-/EE!Q^]7A#Y;GSO&22R9/HJH+#XY$PLMTD='#BVJ:'?
NS[
&@:;L3%Q9P


S*.P8&C$* AN%R,'0*U1P@PG$I25L\^=14QD
M*
AYAKAU0RHYPFJQF$*PZ0(S2=JI 3ORXQK Z3WS3HSCIZ8Y-MWA8=B^1WI9
MGFVZOC&LGW0( 


PE
<CBAOV&TGX\J+7\UW2[
MRS[NFKJA1U04-ZLPMI
DPC *(^2;D6G'-AJ



M5OE

\^T@ WA190T\1



U27F#

M!WJ 

JBI





MLV

MY_7*L1S3MV


M)7:08SL.MNB






M$@MO
_2

*#
MEY#$MH\=9+A6'

';#)Z/70


M71/4/





LY)Z(?ZA*K;!

MW[&3)![' ,#SCT+-!&N\GFA 1^H6F@+
 ]72B5MOCFG@.:&MRY9H5FC.J2
M]=38.*B?;ZE*=#FQO :?QN;2KJN#IYN+IE-)I\.H='))4@OZ4::;9-$A?0)*

.$%/
M9_^2?6^B+;T.VC-C%V&3P':()@HMOL#MH@OR



M'#DHB&!B66Z$7.;A 7405/;^!]3@ '9[N6(/'.R1/]H@OMCN/F&:3W;:U0=/


M#+.8]R?NTYL_I(RT5_2O'A?UL?09A7I M^1;PXK[ 2[;8MC(/(BC$
8M
;


MV&X()PV_+49JDKKJ_*9(Z:J/M ;KM+X%U]OR&R LW61R4YB*R$M)8@L'74;_





MV'GJ
0OE.Q(7V</;YA$NLI.A0:$#K0$)DV+:?!'9@
M]NB\*')]T54*:E$IK[(.T!ZJUCCK(SJMHSA8O)
Y^D1I0F'4^P!Z)^C/#L-W
M4/*
CF@TOS
I!$RS.O



X\! MFTY(71-















_L)W L./(LF.8Q'@P#Z%GKHKLABYX8%



MMX?QGOR

Y&N#S]'8K.5R? I[CF5V ID=-:@N5XR*;!
M$MEDOF$W_YIOLF)3'RSX06E]NPH
T_7




M8'?@_#8@/BZD; .R( Y-UT]
:L8<Y#@^*1-<
P[\A X5#OAL@I3KA*+94/%(C

.68!



T2@;B.PHYG72G/P





;??'+!K.M@D-J@IY[?9?J^R0R-M=8GLR+,,C.]W7I[V[4K0
MM_QEW_8N)::=1,BWK, +#8Q#A$T\N(0M'+,/LVOORG+E2H+\E5-
XS
&N55
ML
XP(:]#PM7(E%?B? 5(E]XQ&&ZN
5-C_V:1#M?5$_J?+E-@/?GDZL[&=3
MP'59@8**64T_T

MO_X$RHZH[K#?:3

M_^@V?



6Y






6I@8

MT&0O7KHM:S(KK
*3E%66WQ3Q]_4M7?_SQ*:%S3AR(/)M9-FF;2
?VX--TS(Y



FB-)%D-FF:CUT^@1IH'8 MK5



(092S2:KXH6QP5A.!

K-W 0C,[8-'UD&Z?V.] \[M.9Y\.EO%JDH+HS

J&?#^X





MVVV7_SIJ%NLN+1#6$WE2YT:F1V;5FJ'R]4B&\NR-R1=UDZ]7?HP
'$:N@R%V

MW/%[M?F!W]/I.B_(KD*][F?X5Z%#NGU.:%BQ:YHV#@D(9P!D0N0IEVM6('
M
M&E(NULS

;(5L/PYC
M#\4DQX3(29+82WH/

MM1I=Y-6EZ+GJ:#OP=3[4V@UX




@=)#!


M$Z5UOEXE)HK]V+2BT#)CR\.E=@#ALCW$[ZB6ZYMY?7U /?M

3RKV#8\SPUH&TPL*W BRQ\31H!M
MKH$'V;85#SMPE

M\N2X:*S&
KQC*Y


MN:[L$+/ I:3\IP8=#.#22YX/=732#= 3:6731?6
\JG?.)5& '5ZM\@(P(NT
MG)Q:33J(583?2AE-JQIPC/.;]ETL8-K(3\)G-C$7F![@S7/\+ENZAUL:#X
M'*O;9 L2





.?0/M YJ
ME')D1XLI*RW61'1+7


MVV:/)&]JTSF$?)GM7#8C:6M WF:V ;M&F4MR

M.X7C2_H=Y_5Z6]:[ZB!16C8RW-!ME^@:+@S#P#%;DV$2!X.14Y#$C2E/'=,
M/=UE$(VQ9^-.S[1WI



?RG
3R2+- 43+@

N+_#QI9F&^^!R9F-P@2P_KZ$C
M*:76+[4NXR9_;8O)$3X
3 


'MEPR./0[G(Z(A@:_K1



MH?LQFN_2_;GE6ZZN?3XEC?:U5BP\K6/9ND9)._Z7J7[4L#=_C:2P%;RF2FH5



ME]L

(= _A.C+:6^?J _K+O# [N+( Z\JN@%$%7;C$AWH$7<^D<J0?(E

M0F+L)EY&73?UPPP-SL4P\VTI6K0Z9;QB.1ZI^%L4+7I;U-(5RV)-R=9RY820
M_]






M0


MD9Q^D.^;O*X_K[^CO
QOBX8RK\[O *)%N2XW3XKT51H0!U/BH-3/?(H\W\5P




M@YZO


69?H
:HK1;A
MD58=&BP?HQ],@A4<5%5@52[UW#QK<\$Q'$1B1&.7==%OANG\'@V#)+ F  +


85[?=R/'O$O/F%



M63 $:A?#B+7\DH?BM@O%(P





R97Z)G2LSX)

MIKH.&2!2CQ*]QN%L6M0!D50C25KMU2-91P0428D;D9G&_ZSV?[XI/^PK?C?A

2P'G%L?#6E


M''8BY+@P2$(&(?.BX\DMD@F_$J_=LF%%ZP'?@%/([7O*3T$/UP\KS$T9B
;K




KU#\6&F

MM#_9)9A^D\R3K3




[/KI=2^;1T\OJZ)
U(X5?5T

+@X\B+(DB@,<NP@% ?+'NP^0CX1/HDPP85@E
M!V2@AP9:; H*,87%UQ5T)@+EY-0*[L2E=B8.U73W/)=,6]]FDZ3ULM,7=%8#
M2\N+K@XG*JTM1^K=@.)-N?E';\#



IMD-1GU_@NR2
6WHWS




M$:C*R2*IG_0IA=U

M4'6IC4?YE12F\0_YOGG\P%IXPR^R80#;O5O=
1KB!1Y

M[PF]$JS=J/FBLT5W UI\W85
 \*I9_JF\BV[;#(CU=)UYP26#:^37&=-:)5$


D03@)QSE'%'FR
M _#)]I94P1O 82H]=:*%:N'A]ZPL:Q1 
8)-C;E?8^WZ:%L;YW9HGU:/7HZP
M-;
0Z.!JG/!





-'@0Z6S]2B\Q7YB]&+Y



J!N3
K'L]VE

K

7^K<2NQ8T+G5<%=3VX6FO3UOQVLF@@22Q













ME_

=


VMRQN8?Q([X=





MPZ%)EX:A[\K53IJ
&J^B:+7/B[L29(?]/B\WC^ $+3C550N7=2+R=@G
MI



'S=R
MB(A4#OOR.M8O

&





MS1#X'V]
\S06QH8RBB&W*+O

M]&


-*JS9S$#H;0B@=V SK
?-G-U\.=)

*I8F#AP474FZ76FYY
@'&R
M&K04@#_@E[I]R'BYO<':6MCL.ZZ6:%R6;,G2T*ZLS,ORT9UG9*F[J?T],KM)
M@LR-3<W$TK+:8 4)1(2Z61!&**,)23TX;,^FK.#Q%MWV/ GYXINA_QK$=SA5
MGP_B^]*[T]%;:L(:WW-3]PW]U#\[.5?[U9F)55M?:-GZ
5/ZWS-_+)VWA
MEO1_5*869V69]P9-6TYN1:;6#@NUEUU(D$A8;=R'?Y\Z=AZ!$R.!%CCVH=

M;
)?



FF@Z;J\G_E#5S3YOBGV'-R_S

$TS+XPH07X:A0&1O.'#! +C


0*:/NB+U


]C7=
8GG]K7W'[J?/TYYNA
M$F&N+3#4

Y%GIA?/C'
+/Q




/74&8
9O<.NX4LQ;4W$OVYSTM%[^RW1?/X;S78


GX!)T5H&N*';(EZBC5+O%FHQN

XC3

M


M+J+)K



M0]
THV'DAW&

[KYV+*.
E
MLEZ7O\DT6Z5QT[TY+V2:6))5JV[NYJ55 J&'0S?)
E:^AHCZ?N(
5MF/ S6U



2=TKGS/I696Q+
M




M0

M
S



MGCSAZL)GE&DMRO=DK/TJR;-IWW/B)




M813C




5)@
MSHP&G:?FFOY
)-


MWNB)2:2U89NNJP)A


M'+H8NTX:)H[GIM$XH';]6/+^
R43QH5D1 6J+[OB;KC
54E*U$@44Q/C[
D)
MRI&V%L]FG*.ENR





IB6=ZRIYUU9XM)!N1T?3Y

M]Q-*!%Q

KJC2-![M4*)/E0Z6Y;B#43KU;;!FE[774A1F



M@Q
7^92&)
.$CC!27/5FHW/_]:\ERKQQIH[1/&]


MX$ [.!D.

CWA[RL
M&=8RORV:9XC!%.,H@AB/Z$IC5WL.P.B)(M5:W7C\3\K
8(F2M+\S4'#_OJ



S2)$?1@1Z#)B'


BE$HQH7]*;I!W.MFW1Q8*W\$MSEKS^U4]2#P8
]/CO+*D7\R

(2VY0&3KEY
M!




QLTVP
M#7EY4:M-LBHOT[_STU;575G\=XNH'S74Y/MF=]CR$UGMOHGZ0[YOUD7)5V8K


'FZX=TC6COQ?/O\W#]&MB4__S?L6^

M'_85$]F5'U*2^(Z7IC@.
C

MX3LF1W]Y
3SUWPXC\)*D[NVK71;]GAZ$Q(YQ][)C)7].

MF#

M

4X)0-D@@.\:OBQ6J'B:%F@4L.WT2=A_?O]_&#L
MJ8I)Y;6%XRI4[/PX(96O=[A7O$CIW_\9W0/O;T'OX



3.*:)%R)(:(8\/^T-4=^)J=C1[ D&9)J^
MTB%JC@MTP$'3'(D-(6]ZV(Q$VURBK$H7^);Y6;@36V#FPI_(GO2SCM\82?9


2J[IP5H0G

69



-54R -W
LIT[RTJRG6
M5

M=2





M





^^9KOG]3


V2X3%CTI-8129DQ,:
M\Z2IZDV+# S0P$\#N,LWHAM5GK-$0C0-(+MTJ&)OER0(QT

MKNN1A




I@P.R





W5N;T5=%T7W56@
M40!CG'HH=.
LC4C@)V[068T(3IQ(4?J4;!E6O1-


M90G%B*1IXOGN8#J)0J(D65

SE:M@=.^I_@$C1:&)35L+G)5ZS
Y7LWJV16N


MP Z--.)99;X%2SZLM=[O']DX^6/^P+#DVTZEKZ (7^.O1
 D*(GWC$&6M3


MYJUWX[MJV?J!5\7UV_'.41)% 8^BK3AK'OH-2C ZR N)[:2HHA
#
N
)]?
M][P!HQM@] 


M\C0+SZ+Y 7Y;%SN^4$^K/3\C_BG?'/9%4^3U.T;H8;]G6%8H2C'U
^I STM=
M')$0CO

66';JA!KS2T
M%



KO;-V7#FF3!QI:P

/*E3C#HMFUX
GK$\&Y]G_<[GP,_Y)/EB$9AY%+B1YZ#!R0P\GV-FJID?W%=O0$M;M 
M!QRYXGD


M;(F)H%&BY!1.AB



M3'KC7IB/



M0CR8!6D09BD*


G)M

ACZ3N


WH*?X[36*
MS1Q:%J#MBDAI9=T.V=+KTO
#QOKY$I6VX5GIK+K_4I3]\PB;ZJXL_IN!V;(Z

@/X\ -:.KB


J)?/?1/C

M?\R;P[ZL/U:[':WV?ZWWVU6$'

M&=E5.HW^U$


KT<
M6XY+N9IJP B*\G(U!?X8D$H<*])(M?BQHF4H5SM6=$K]Q4'*M%-%PG2<VR=L
MA,[E3Q49\*DRV0UU%JC5G[
Z\.NX==X

;30PMLWN2@'!X#
MJ6&.N!A/#%T




M#C[E3;-K[ZFI_[-HOK+/\PV$A^9KU;TBN_*RV$T2AFF$0RS.,).,&$
))\

83Q!%A=[:+9XGU$:#!/#$];@82QJP!
YXY3KSIHMOY Z! @)=/(:_%


Q)HMD(55M!9( .

MQ.WRRXFZ'*FTMSO)MPHV7UFMMF
E&*O4FCVKV@Y[/G=0;MOWD/)M!V5$0:
P
MI&'BPR 
 IS!P
&686X89U
MGD.+K__I^R^[XJZ3 HQ)' 9^XJ1^P,J,E(8A'$03'9U4[-Q\TG\B&[L^=6(




&=Q 7&U([W1=[/]C
MO3ODIW^[2GSF0T:9




^\
=R


M$$Y;3L?QW6^R;?


X
MM

MD@$+3A-7[8(KG0@
KVZ=ZYDG8%6ON=(: \&1U.+T3]?$TVM2[+GR2H+/:\
N

M.*5%N
K2D 8X#6@2N23#+O:B-

:AV9(4Y':X6


V?%L ?W!/0NO(#

1S?.J@S!OL.UE$=&F:

*?N)0?[9'\)Y0JA[:F&P7_P4_9*0
MPG





MA4X6)HE+T@R[KI-$$?6C


MFZB;-ZM[_.5CY*8()\0&B*4)5Y2-B;\=+(ST3FX92_W/!T6]\UCJ  1R4F
M/^J$75?R6;B24VY)FLZ42?50)]7YYA]WU;?_CWG9E4CL-\\KHTL
G!&5R60M


G\3.DP .=J(D$MJY
MJ/[M\\A$CPJTL ##)2L4TJ2)*H5)OI2D0IPJ?6+QC(2K:J%*FURH8S_A5Y
M8T)$


_!T!OL(!0);455__:Y.GF'BHVJM_S\ID)_ER1-O..;XTM1






M10&_5#L
 L^%*!Y

6ZO2]KBJS





M\(N.Y^^LK(HZ\[YKV*
PC-

M@1Z3K*[(426J)L984M(0

MEA6-?1)&-/%@%I*$. 'V FZ%Q



HE=
MX9F2N8A5FR]1Y53CO
D5@J[/GNA@UA:ATN/
RYD4?1R)R]:'PY==L:&[:MVL



B.1F2
MI4I
4G1%7Q2YM$-15,%76MJ39(VSKK_<LM_(?\Z%-_6



M=^






@M0/9EALG
%4J.2T4BXY8Y^56=LQZ


M


ME_EM
93&J\PE*2:1%Z09\5.7Q[V!T HBF(Y+38(Q+@D8X:F;#6B;/;%ET.K
M#2UF.6$V&0PQ?;8DG(RW8-NU;A[8OHI[BX4-^ ('0S8[:EYU9F_HMHSA-
.

M


MQ^?F A_&
/%]Z =N!A

Q\F6K(44S
U1#';)OAA294ZT&)J!,MEB
MJ(=DCP)=8NEJ+3216#O49[H;+VHA+;R(*@_.]TSI^/3=ZG+PM2- T2=Q..'

M I(E#J0T)3B!_

%?
M@F7)^?JG]#YEUQZA$V7RVOR[[F#8(8+ZW7H^MVZ&-U&!_+6JMG\5NUV[%-NP


MY:12)^UB8KD0WW)R^83H%Q3;HY?B9%Y13 
1L4
S33A6&6_-\G-N=7-.IWW/



OE8G&**=;M-KGQ5W9/3S$9'*_





2'UF^

M:
(0+Y5OA!WE7I@WS*@WI]#46P5OI%C?I9O=EEW
W72N?V2;]..^ZW0W/L:4



/I+/C69H_AQNO F%PA[#W_L_YLW8
M8R
RH;UC W\D3VQ
_HT.Q*Y1@D.?F'8

8663L8YB
KZ^2-F'^OTOH(_

MPZ;A3Q]EZ+)S&GMAXDY?2[EPGY
VL+ H
*)3UHC$*$A7W29:O

DJB@3D%6G*.-(UJ

6(CLAS?


M'$OF

R$2&H&Q(M#'=@C/?D80RTAFKE3

M5P^1Q_O^D_#':M^CV*(1G-V(LW-&+732(EH@F80/_GV#VGB1VQ_8PAFW?^_0

MD^5A?O&31EZ


E/ER[

M^N




U^:Z


MA[3




XCC%
NIW0&5$!'-&J]B!.L[/K9K92
M-?8/+!IZ0/](^EYYTBB)8J $S$\K@C8@@0MR@5-[$[RQUL$5.!I4VZ%%EU
MJ@BHC#4I-7Q#DC\7]7^E]7X.]P(4@C:
'

M73O[FD[YK*9S6
DKFOK.^EE])^OJ.]NFOJ.BSJ?'E1(R/*\/QZGSV[






!

M[Y)MO]F#:@T+]TEK&+AK+ -K:MJHS7:3NUQT2KAD7\MG*U5[OF^KUAOS:6
M 3SXO#
.M-8!9EX[JVP





#@WU8I_[@22^I/!&372J%D'HXQ^]W*$O;+[K=5 :6YF7M23QUV


#B




3?*Q:5\2C45FV):U1(I0:
673K!T0EE4L'L
K1)B26%^GXG





^P8LX,,P[$B*[ <
MPX3+=OG7$_1#$)[X($/#V7Q




S_/P+4#SR;$
M]C#R8;]8$I$(IX



/;SPYR[; ;%ES

Z0V'9/_O(/RIK5G];VL#+?X
ML.)NLV5HV^;UQ0TH&]R@N]M'Z(8X/?XXK?BS.V*\L(


*LGY


ZW
I]


MK!4
%&I9UA0D6+BZ^E&LB!D3T_3#.
9N[#LQB88+0F)D!:





P

M@:J!*9OW2?(KFE3KIW:
ZBV%5=E46C^[4GGTBY$NGO6^:1=7RCN.D:7ENR.M
M.9KLJF)[P:C=9DF59KE:5?%Z=Y?2?)-EE-13*N:/;;[E-NKU-FMREO=FE=


TL7T
MD:1A :Z=/]=8 @G%HH:;6 T/%_?W1?Z--O]7E+$GH?--]24MO]TE94J-V=+_
M;%:1XSL1CB+;# 



UXQL([ 9%B(B@ J;U2R#/5*VCMAB_;4!









MTF2[K]
4%(6V8WHVM$W?QKX=6J;?0PI

MN3F0X0(=









+
?K6X..P_44P=@VYE&:%MQ8



+85V 0Z?<W4-P@VQJ@+9Q.SZ(O4

M4Y'D )?I)JL!OW3M#FB(_X2HA)N3PO2'+0*EG(:=*!!R@^T ($ \*YB.5_







_.A0A'PIM




M0#I^8&/'CEPG[


7V RGM7D '
MT!()-'CI1!9LT\L(_[,RDQG!$J%O6^)$_-^7!VWQ(-MU6U2RC;N*CJ:A4%
M3A$T*612&@6V'?M=B[+JQ4*%B3#N:Q

M4U$I)N.R+&K1WA



.%*M(?K
L[<OT0QJ$)8SMP



V@7HL+ZQ?7KB

8\^S


M)+M%@Y



M#CWJ\9&5;8:AAX.(.'8413;V/*_;$&%9MFMS!AS93Y\ANO0;D79U52?YAO(^

MV*.0GHM]*_-OODX%CW[H*S9R74&_.C0_OKF:8@1;ZR-8I]/BV:A74RD7KW
MMNSC#[R






M;^'Q$J\F-OGW:Y:T91H=/A=YUUSW7B$.((Y1B'WL^(2X'G1CIV\O-FVAUT[E

M7

B7^.X3^N[8O/BTR[Z[^OD9]IM?$I_UF5A3C+V<Z)




@E$KF5AB@E#9'L!-(







M @81=!A!![)]TWER=D7N
IZ:9;E%P+?[=7.2F7Z[*_L;JN[3\I9=8)QOFOL-

GC-^?9^$.SE)/]'W
MQNGU,9N/2/1HBN97Y?$F% J[C.B8YJG9;*%^09N[K
\HQ&]F3YT)8]5;
?8
M@-A&3A0@T(?HJ%5T[ 0GPRK:FV!+X[30&29P#[VBBGOBACEZ\N.@FM4DK=
VV&GAM:[LFR.Q*5E5FS:9P[[5<RJ_8MNS6&_
M\[!=57BQ$;$NNL^HV@^YIC.0FZP&3$?!KDK[&];:/Q]7VA+QQ9%REQ9WSE\




J'6ROJE[1O[Z\
M@9OV5=GN.E)V3



Z]/AP


MB2&
Q




M.P-0L!1_EVXNV^/X1?XF+-

MMF?8[=FST/1@8(X\

D




MH($6V\3)T1&&3B4]8TE=QD ;;\;+)$4-+[P#!?W]VG97**;/+ ]5,AS761$
MMNT@QITVNI[?2M1% B-&]'/UCQ



98-.SGV@S FJ7!.OD)'G;E
M0R'\&-7$CA,++LOSF61X.3#D O28+T/&E#88(][EE4-I9QS1))I?;NL6#*Q


MQKU-+LVK]B&+YIC$EZ*JR[3.RN;8(VI?
WESUQZTS
 EL85\QXX\FMDCPV]V
M9&
'6=BP!;?

M^RS+\*F]=[J=M@PYUF_FRSUYT_#**]K?ZJ1NFKZ\:0O_%!@N[A_*](X!?4R[






*5GEZRZYH'!OI-
M[:!!V:<





I$%OU@X@2Q[\8&


2P+AX2(33Z5
M-Z]_
9&ZJ

E4XA$67W4Q9X*


M(V0X0Z-N


MD=#S#

M2997+*U(JQ7V3#^*L.\;46Q&@1

JYX'XHJ99F@C
JS

M


PV67[[[2%E;U-?EKC(FQU7NV1+T]+[[BVJ[A_N

M;)/J6/F?U)FR
01LSC
BU/=

VRRS6@?


M/ID:7GA%*


*&J03CS



MY[89G]E^?+9'7DUN_YGNJ[9PEIRL%)\.(&51[@2R]FH%XLV3BMB6VE8J[[




?U

M5UD7.\^XBGJ84K*5U\$6
]NC6*2+7MP4+WZF)V2

M'4MDQ6X.)KG;;T%;$-U;P/8&]&)YNN%ONLGT%@&E/ GXTQ@OL2IG FGZ0N
MS(]BLCN1[4H]'CB3ZCXA%Y=AM)/:7 QVP@2BQ@


ER?46JMK


?!N[5FQA!'W/



M[2A3[TU[TQT3[$\;UPWFSW86Q(6F?6HJ/

QL$]\-[1\Z&%H


8Q8'5-VU:)!0YZ*FD0:'$

MH&(OJMQD-
N\?@(TR(/-8
:'ZI??1N6.1QDYDON-9W#^W$V!#87*/B66.Y&J


M[:LK[(MT#U#RH8AQQ/*M74W&J%CV-5#9?$%$J-3S;LT)FDZHFQ)VEZ%F:DQY
M^8R-.GYXYH+?O[%6ZJ=OZ7I79G66]DU% 0KL$ 8QL@(KI/F
ZX=]4]CS7/ZI
MH'03VM7I^V_??@




ME.D#_;I]M(A.3ZN[A'[+KO19%_?W%M%1/_@)BW9[3Y57:S_ A_:#Z3_.$^S
MIL%[VC83[6S[1#]PDZ;W[&85.A$^_ZI&]N*AX8#VL)=L:5:_LL%J]K0D5XW
MI=-J\.A%UUQ#Q@4#TG[_(RG+)&\)8!_X_=NX*?2QOG1D!CVZZ\T_@1YO0J%P




MY\3X4
'J

M



-FW3=LM\DC RXF3\I8
@9)W$G!$XU]<M0/.56%7H[K
BV


M^O




VVRC!/X=7U*!F]=GC/(CV +$W-ENH
MH




MH
A3;=%@X$(\((C3N.B8(&$.7UB0Y8G[_J'^9/#?TLUMEM_VY2??#(S81B2T
M @]:GH'



M
!!Q^B:]T!=\TF-44]I7U ^VOF7[K6_W'4#1RU#&D


W;$?OH2$@[B[PYD_+5.?C8WH-Q2

]^%<F


OI+TK%Z4?WQZGR
\JX=03UVGX! Z
M^-%@!RUX\
=I#VE[G5JXA/5;MU.6T8A7+N5;SQWK9]57I$_FAWIPFOTO(^


I



M-=S^TRU3?.B@_=(\XC+/Y3\O.3HQ9D;3NHR!
]Z
(]?^C.2%9W$:MR5G&I_H

?\^]YLFT\D6[V?]ED

YUN:9T7Y


^8K6JIH27OQTO[-
M-?YOT

1S?@92' U9$SB<J28)YS:3<BA98EDFK25C4GIE*Q MS0=;


MAG1*[F,(:P;QOB.!!ZTD!)BYH#07O+_ N18F#!2RV3O


&ACC







I$MS(ZOH5_O]*2@R
MH\!RHM@($+(@R_;R^*@Y&[ ?G;F6LOX#

M0.

#6C'



M#GJAH+M(GRI8T='CN2:[)!
%L8
11OYP(
ZG/Q&[+E?DD[6G+.PMFR1_ EE5


MZZIY-V@%0RLBF
#((-#&1FA'?AA'='80!IX?$U






ER
+=OQ0MORH@XMCFVJ7$)/^\Z%DDO+QCP*W  $58NPKTY^

YK6_9U]@!D(/K0FOL/@=
97&N*4JM[QOD.6
A84


M9SLPKCO1*@9CQL:.:;PM&U

MN$@H

MB\(!(CT^WPK=T2M#FG!I#V
]&E!2.*
G
[J\(SVO68!;E$QQ7D:9TR'F @QN

SDZC6M^0B=R99I4
A.%E
MC<G#83N76T--W@4/KP

MW-RDZ_KRYC)G9X;7[*3X;?JER/(:W]$1G'YL[4DW?TN3;7V'D[)9F;HJTWS#
']A3@<)(R*<-I_H
M&Y1R@O67.$X=K'M&28








BVSFDD\5'/1/A!'N+O%Q@&Y=X#N';![OPOT7@=_
M\F82?:;/9H\) CB7Q#%JZ\T?S)^Y6]?;EM2;T3G9;E9/NW;1Q(:9MU]SP2F

R


\D)4$?0N3*4./1T$;#%B[

C$^(O&
M\\C:]%V0DXF84Q.3JY,F_Y3T%.3IO2M2:+
 ])O.'U*=RU0=/WGHHT]J.U]
M
&HK2J.L$^'D9MOTA]ZK]I^#U2B%$*5\H@CC*
]C (7YP6I*0:BVK&1JS?G:
M4I?JO$.MHJ0HUCB56VJ:DDS-6N\9-$]@4]87.\M-%[@ZL^9DB^5Y+#Q9\Z9V
M\RVJB=?'\ENYV96

X1
;%3?55*)B_/O7:OE5'.<I-D^WCZ6X
M@*9=) R@'-&&891B*

GF.C+K3#UH:F_5:MRA9_Z-S_Z\N)92_CAJ0^:)0'S@P3@
M&&2\Z&.1R1GT2*!8!] ,X+@SVXHW,9BO6  ]HEZX3K\JU8/Y3;7NY&N-Z7
M)^_=\,S23]ZI.%Q-$]6)/5=XN(O2//33I8,OQ777

M%$Q5:_&B;/]:H&C?_5RK0@TBI(L3D@0 (#3F89&Z F44J9FAI?!:)SO3[R




M)7\[E

:2)-PU.


MK6RWU7;73/R4Y5O\G!D_QI3.8P29NU%;_M24KW4MFT9

MW@(1GV*?__X@C7)$


OJ3Y-?

MA
91C
*:$

M*





M;WPB4HM3^POLYSEC/@

*$XBB$A* H




CAB07$H

M$J8
!BS-


5:HW(S'7&8^Z8XDJU-G?VK^+M'WG?\9_=[J\D70X4A

H*J/^@%IZZ)^Y-;:[QW'*ZWOU0B6G

=?/ .3LSUBM]3A)_1[8DB.0\MG\I9[6N +7!LJ/FB*Z1]


MIQ.?J52@\



&Y+
MY#C/)=\L=F'9^2QG!-OO A[?SJ4YG-T'0VX*=*THJ
U]GM


1

MW=Q8HZUP$F4)'E
*
L(


MU'Q6;8K-\HUW\]*4Y'Z

1R;?W*?
FIE_]4$@/.5B3TXV_IM1+N1


M?XB3(=Z[9H_X)X





MV(M





Q=]Y__4F'
-XP7^'
M[*JM)9-*BPU[=-9&].\J==!?7L@.Z7<@H:Z8=NN=$H1/;UB[JG3%4IU[G\

MMGOX4C;BK*%H_D3?BFHMGGQC=?
+_V^WBQ2B@*$HR1!E/DB3 &$&X\S/F)^@
(?NY?
M3#QVRCOR2K1+'/^]P3.O<^W&ZYT34]OABT#/OHC.PVF3@:LXG4D?5_\TYI%P
MKD]#/;,A.U%2NWWL^D8Z;.W[3;^_TM3M^TBS (<01AQJ(P)A2'(!R1)FFL
M^&K--1Z;Y/NL7GW ES7%C:^17LO /X@ZO4VPRZ$RT(\?W#-LL& +;FR%HVI
ME.IVMVVWQ48\BOM^LVVJ35LM^V511$%



Y^UF)SA20GF:Z#10R# +.0)#2F

MG\.T=0[YT=X'
7GBO
JW
).



6!S$T ]RRA!.TF@$$B:(*B5D
M^^8=YU
'0EJVHA^D]WQBC52F_YS$N8OE3!3*H8

MZN'%'EN&LQ3Z%((H!.+M;

MM

E.

M?FJG7]YX? W.K6:+W^K-M[(5FVABVM]V\_OC/R=UN_VMWOY7N?U8+NO[3?4O
MGOJ.%M$7)
\)\N
PBO




M=4:E[5$]#X6UZ
^9IP9M

M!G$LIZ
_JG?.5;OWS:L.SGEU]_CIEKNW;WP9ZM##Y4I_C


&&(DB'Z/#K4X0H7R2
M2WV-$#H^N/J11[JIED(VN\Q\


MQ@
^\.67*^VR?GD%_&ITJQ7;?5E\P'E$MT#J#5 %WQSL^5=A'7






MH9_%&



MXMP/6 XQPRDD( -P1)*'H?4\I8Y@)ODJ\@K^HR\=9MOJJ1$66RG

MN\MD75CP7

4S]ZIDAWKW@S2GOZ4?A1TI^!A\IIT)1-

0


43#P
TW*[O#]I)=]6$[0K0S:$L^



M](6OJX$?^+RH.VV^&) 6$1CGY?./99%J3Q8#8@

YKDXV-$


MYD!
%=#
NG
U'-%XCQR.]8FL&M/6)K7V*7:LCOLH?#@7A6O-=X_I-)O[:@5F


M
MJG6_N

MCCK#$Y @YI
D#:@/



M*6]65I2/2I4XH30.0^IG 0PS#.
41(/U*/ !L+B4K&#UQUQ#5J'5PN*Q;3Y=
MZ=_X@NELEX@UITYFH9BK#!IZI;(:K
V:C5KP16/#44/-OG.8 %^\[\E(FF9I

D#/\)Q% 3)V+X1)3Y%BZUX
MX5E7T#4

7;
JPW)'8A^][?-
M7?=//WF?]IR+OW%M=7U-H5KCK7X$YJJ4)BY=;ILUY4M3]?IU5F'OUZKX4JVK

9:1-&2 49BS!(;C_2X1 =ALNF]JW/FL?QRZ7X:A^]@C
MGG@O08TU^6%JB_Y9#EAKSIT?NG8Y-&B/&&NIHRZ-8QP4Q\0/$?%]C( ? YK%
M:


DC.
T1S3VQ\
&

W\KW

M\G/Q?4$)SA.:)'X4 #^)69BD 
9A0J(HCN

MD]
6IHB


37I^&5P7]M0%9F00(M$?9^O_N





F46H4-S#AN


MYJ$)6LAK\V]$;=1_*M?\3^]_*3=E4ZRYTJ#50[6I1
TC6@;S[^(F'*1 Q S
MP/PHN

:2TW(C PXGHKU


M\[I]+


\VPQ(O

CQ)C4


@I]_H^'X1I3P_$C9\/YX#GDD*[)

.%H:/#B.ZXH=5ZMRU7/-'1D 4@
MS#-*\R# O




M?/A2-@N($@)H B/F@PC&09Q0


6W1NHX\=P:6OUCUV[%
M(:0!1!10BK
44A0F#



E

;#F
YW-V5XEG3<M!@<:E+
MRC*0PQA E/M9A&F0^WB$F[$T51._J\%TKIKB=9[M^9^E.U/7G/D2S_%+HZV

0YNN3T
]LW&K






M)( D2Z(@ A0D89A Q*V!Y#!7/'$(N&IY7;(XU]^]9FYUP;::MKDJU)ZHQU

#U#U:7(SX;LFU O8E(3\.Y+4D^


MBY_%?^*MWEBTU!
G/4+5U


M^F


1
MB%&

]YF.8D.G

):8,(-^/2!YFB')=S@^;M2%$H<K]U8
*C5YJ%^Z

M)73-J 4-'!G^+
/P--)W@C45T3







M












=/7N[6[;;HN-4.#W;;[95MMUN5KX*(?0C^.<X8#2,,P



MIBV7E)FE) ZI3S_.N5)-(2XYLY


MR&=9$#

L/1=NB YKW)]&()]



\^6_$[7N7CO^Q!_(4M_S5\_E=V&=K[



4@I
M@2 ((?


O@
H0R$



M(Q3.A4,$:M=7XF(IJ!S0=VU%QQN=-]X7X4CWK.JJ=T5QA<]5G27]&80(
4U
MO &Q,N(^=.=^/A?3P&Y


V#WEW[N7+E;A)


GH


M/X

MC$$**(MYP1'BC% _&*U$C&#YLW0ZO]WYDDC_R&MU#$VCL4:+N NY?P+&U ;\
M^VN0)-]RY)HLO3ZC9ZC




MWI\[P



DY!&


G-$H;=+FH3WZ\%\^

9_Z ^KG*(X(\RF!4;A?IT.1


VV;W^ H%5
M;VHWWZ!:O?FAW+3\.Q2OYK6TO./5[6HX


!@I/;VNK$QQXTI SZ]9QWM5%N7*#I3?5EC=Q[5F#UW:D=?H7RU)H[T%9NG
MMML.K(K- (%/+[OUP0]UNVW*;=5T;:H#F X?^L+_I%AN%R'-(4M3A)$8^AP*



MAAO3J^4^*2\Y

D.T]OFOM@

,BU)J<@#X/8#T$:!Z%G1N(D21EDH\8S1:^^V;'



M__]]W].P^EQ3_N-@(7:?HAQ@%I(P!BG

M#XUWY=RK)D^''


$

?KEW6YR&!*8$;3*$MS'$9Y*.ZO
MB;
8AP&# 4I5M/B*
!WKMO#


L\
OH5Y9*DY$%'/;IPJ+OV)
MW3YRW!4]=-L$-



FHB3$ID


YA@J%X/22C

MJ#U:O
CWHO=VQ&GNP?3[C=A_%OT^XQH7+ZI\'X8P3\(TS $

VG55.3K9;YOPZ:O2_2-K9'G][E
]#V:QZ



2-PNDSTWC



 1*$230:



P
!L.__N]O=Y-?OA2S

M7_]BRZN'NV*Z^
7


MT2_+?YF




M?.-N/;

MVJ;QT*-$*:-$PXQRW?O'XMOB831I/\#-[?H=6\LYN^7['L82Y_]=.?UP.YKM






Z&UR*ENMT^R[Z&''\H?EBO'B8%?L&]O++?G^_I6ZW-NAC-.OS

M;S#(:/9-F1TM!AG//D=A1XM!QK//!=C18I#Q[#/N=[089#SMPBI[V_4[ME9+

98LKY7HN@;?


I

M_5#Q;5%




M:!6HHL1PPYSB@!IC)#.BEI


M4A!;X504T5E=RXH())?%NUZTWHY)!^&[GTLO F#Q#\*'8A(_^1QMM
5L_.EA



OHRK(GR;1/@X^K9.$O41

MH4O









)(O9]6IX8?BZF&V#*D_GFWK








.;

@YV4T&)& 2A)'FSPEH776VU+G






[@6

-VL\QA=RA)/!.5 R!]\N#ZBXCL
AFY$!MW((4G8?E2R:<_<0:VU,XT@74O
M&KN.4;MW$K B,CK?U4-R+#*,& 6:6Z%QC4DY9#BA.9N):X/AGNU0;..PWWZ=
M1LW<CN\?J['N.OIJVT<0W@%3!2*9A4P*#LWC:37&/J6^7V+1@B.Q[P!Z/#_C
M&@C\XQ)P9XG3S2V4
A[JJCP5AN)(=&R01#2I'=9$HL.7!BYND*=BTK+4X_B


E[_='BYX?8
^=&I5HU[[Z68%JV#4U97F3
8QOGK- 26-?N&

(6_2COS\=]=Z[H#M:12-!.U+5U ( 262Q


Z#E*W?!T.@


M5O.!NGJNZ8


LJQ8YHV;KZ&).MMAZ/ZS0=0H2W+#H8[7UF(
M:97N



M.;LJNC-M;]N $?:.*.AM3B:H%+@)IS-





M;GI=G8SN+)TVY


23N2JHQL#5/2B$[P7#O\7?Q


MIPR#_%X0#ANM@$&8&RN LL8TNX)6_N+2T'+2L:^9T*






M%]\6Q?0ZVD=99L]Z;.:V4N2\JDPPFY41X\B]JTK0)I%N]]1IW4T SG+$HCFK
C6^
MGQ3[DCJ3^@T

MSMIE
.1 76VI

W5-Y&6


LP)BT9&C5GT2U*L^1-
\CB.)99;2X=NK?'7

M7@ZIAR


Y^M!=]@L][0
ME$;;40#





M01./!!# 4$6HXQIQ5AL2-DXND)([^U/%^P=_ AW)Y;WE[HYH2FD'& 7/


M7D9&EOILE5-XC/$$!AV-[G!4!?%6PNI@5=3Z

MCE6M3:7&8RYR72I)MEL!#^DQ6.8@L@Q[&?^-6FZ PVO%2:MLJR.083#:(
&;


00)




SEPJ.0%Y;W(RGQ?7Z
LCRBLAAZV2+C@*!
#< RRY0%#3&A'S




MF@6
M

-%1P*Q2K)8W_D91!?WK

M[_:WO5% Q(@(4@1

M7#S=





XJS%V7\S&

!#F1I;!F<B1)+981SFFJ$F%*^EM?'#2E+6._5M-^
3^PY%+\


K&
M


K['
B&CN5 C''
MKYUW(O5A%%7$D[B


MW$+F\PC@I_%TE2_48E79U2Q(1*M*J 0@P8V%504#3:J;D2;J5OM6V5;9I+7C
M^=6DG#_

MV$7HAICS C&N!0, Q/='R454(1+BA*[A5O99\/;2[4 CQ1Q5Q_?_)?^TK*



M0#B





!2R
L8L9#



MBEI%@5-


M1]0%M
@#2)PC3GO


HZ^Q9H\H9H
 3Y30UAEA'

PD)EE;5
MQ&(.78\



M_CFX2QU5
MC.[V7_8_H+= 
%7

MMT



M5-6.FG[=

T7.]SZP/K.&.'V9]FM559!3@Q'T#GH



MBO_UG$/QC\+;K].(;W2;MBQ&+[X)0 -KA8*(YM7&P%;Y9IQ6Q*D.0$DSD&
8$UIDLUWZ


M=.\_0




H(@!

M7524RA+B!;,8R:55M&4$Y XX61$ K4JJ#X0 EQ1ZR41!45RBG O+0




4;Q!RC%Q(

PY:#$#UPK_E03*/G\*9<%'/[4+PKHA]Q_:&*
M"V*8KISVVG1,BBH8;5V@R8A)81+F0M I'/GZB_-%)TU6






98ACC26'J)EF4+B4*W_B)Z%3.JQ'K KR;E9^B4B4T]'D2;K\


MED5*]GF-O?Y.4$1(3X7@7HOH3B/B0&/K2@J3PJ#@)^/V




M
Z\Z:2FG'VXC@

MD_65@!R9

E]Y ZR#E CJO.:-6*N.I=JA5
M/8&!



M8;3^-Z?^
4Y*J'Q[\Q_537\WNKK]]Z4A]_;FB3_R]F$Q7XRF%?5?S=UT
5Y
M]N1;'M!? 

ER(')8U:5#WR8C1



&PSN(Y%L[2N_+RI?.4I0FY
K&=3#
MXC9N2/]=7'\L]1

-5BMT1/0FY0(1N?K6A=&



MU&6'

3:[EYA8
X5 1CA34CF%**N;7

^OH
D+S\.G!*K=5PNJ:! $ .4


M[T_!V



MJ_%2I_'?)\52N=%.OMGB_%_US56-\NX^VRWEY\('CK+,#8,.P2I!$JP.C9G
MJL+56?(






MKG/K)8+1Z_Q9_/K!(Y')V!_#A&YU0KNY0?4E#56!#*:PR=-8;7TE$++KM*

IINQ&:7I]^IHPEI%%^ #&@
M7GAG%*VCLPB;R^H



Q4 24FK2JJ0=_[1BX[09CO!.20#= =2



C<;7KZ9F=#^.
M9L@307;EZ.UM'CF1G

M4I22TUT

M-$K1
]Z/#









M@A=*&BMMW.V(5
A S$DMG2 Z:]W\'$5=4A2\ART'(9J++_IA/IX6\[FZ^J^'



?BMD&/KS\*'DN9;.6(.XID8J054S, 1_ L4?
MJ*BR)TCS%<QXMGA&Q[5XM2CNVL<MGC8*O JD&8TD])A:A; 6ZU571[&3+N9V
MO\5T;EM/;[@.'K2HBGBHZ?4ZJ#K]K&:S41ST#\^E9X]95(-Z#/2T%EL;A0
ME 9JQB'PK#H6AP 517 ^98JQLN.23\&+'5D]UY\5M:A*HO@6$0L2!12(N
M3M(T

!%3





M@6[]NN#GN^JEZW+Z]N9I?;V=KO[^AH%C[(A%VD'#L!(
:VQK 8RXM*TF58OE

3W[\=3&?_SBXG1QIW3YPZ;6)EJU$&A)CM#.J66B5\2D._TG&
MFGNCRE 09[M



=ZM3SA].

MBCLE7


*-LUHS2HV@F*)FWJ D
Y)#ZLQ]?65\-.&48QQJICA[G 0F*?W_!$_G^B9(

Z+


<S%K5[/ JV59(:2HC4:^YS *NY84

0*N^AS$BMJ295-


M8=?'^E%X.1ZQ]PE=Z_Q!^R?^SL,4#E.C(;Q_[@C0@(L28V.QZE(O])'L&?



L19
!ISCSCLK:%L;8R)9_^)/
!SGM3/51OW5@[

;\I5^]&;\UAVM


#HR)
'ZQ/DX]HA-2B)0)(*;@UEW@E((G[P5HN$*=1&G_.



7_Q79S2N1;67YC_DZK'-A5,
M#P;W!.M-408Q=IKQZ, Q[#V$0JX%$S^^Z6=. [

I)L1C@!2+=EXMG^8JQ87N7.#CO(S<?A ]#F/^F#[,BVM=
MSF;EUXKYH_O(^L7WCM6E=O82I(^P L^-PH19&_%%M3GH,' IQ;I/T/A)9L-.
M=O6)]'$8EU:\+[MWEJGM%880^ 5?7:[KS262LL'K/3#]L.AC87-1YN[@M



MU6UE](VFW\UH^FY6C7C;ZG-H?R$:?EPJ+Z'R6! K



MT4$DH#HG9]1P)#BH$? ^*?('3_+IY;XI-1#2N;A6#_'=:'R]@T]//PO*64JU
M\CH:9) ;SC$UC22$)MW.^GQ0EH/O+B'79EWDU\Q\'=(;UV)%@'HBL30D
M8HX






::0I5UM*[

MH
KS C[]:.:8W-M?!&IKH\ 19YXS*Q'T%FF-J9UE SCRMVGZ[L%NPY-F\
MJ?NK!R;5?%XLYGOO-FYK$J!UVB @*#.5(FW0(!:0B31I54.ZT'5&[/HDY$]





M7\Z*N



%CK
MEL4D

M6'6.!X0UO):1)]42.82N-J-)LCR
FP9SN6'\UO_:3\NA[W_D/Y3=\')#AV


FN@+N]+;B];;







M*MT
M:HPMP/%7 RYVR1UG&^D]RBN79! 8P%22N@2

=_G#Y\GL_NQ_LHW/H[ XY6
MO\  26DY

M




B\Y&$

MQ+57G@2C:124DSYU:9BR5%ZG6


ME2

LR3R:J


M
)9#&%6I$%2


M\WMTT:\E=TH[.JY)H+







9I_^W/V[?MLM1A-[SZ-I\6R**9')Y


M_




M  T-%T*7





MS73Q
C7Z/\?+[^/IMS^+R8_BM]ET^?V887IFCT$Z**

4N)Q3^=HA@:]Y]#0?SY)GN7:U+Y)4^7AW?=]E

M^/_&TQ]Q_*6I%&]_3N
$OYA$-[\]F#QS#[5/M @0(0-2&@N&

M^0SAZ62MOSP=C)&F@
@H*@^%\ERI-3!17.N0


MY62XY_X&@7N+X_1).+. 86459#OIB+NV6
\\!9]@RUF(GNGE?BVFX]D\&H=Q

5E&??2',FJ:',2X3B\N(=L7I=[<8C1+6I5.:@':R^WGXO[E:3(IU1
M[I'OPW07:WQSOU-UN;FZV+_%K6KXP?^ZPA^#;\I<
 (ERX.O92BB5MFHDQ
M=8[T./GT==#8-!EG0U)@5VOH2G+G;$#TA;S^]G\

M%1HYJX2#K




MITR@2HYV:YB\^.#-+:?$K[T/M.\RA24VW6 1CMA/2:0F\P5W%


M*XS]5;H%/9HDU_WK]Z)81G'4W=UXL\H]



N18PP/Q[ET#1YK76R\;#I]ER+T(O



.Q1[!

DP]Q)/WU






M32*H1R-4R)QD?(85':6A@@GA5O-Z 4OQW0I1F$6R7._YM-5E%/\PVU#]DH

*ZD C*Z:AELQ.$ZBRCO:^LT#]EV]TXWZ^*7XBF5(9D^I .B


-2!
M)Z.WAAUE7B!EJ!

M\GN5N6-OBR \5MQQ885BPL6Y

- [5I#]'KZ-Y+@KV7V

]F=S46U

M+F!J6+0@+8J$X49JZZW=RJ


YS
M%NG
+



M!

H



]W7^.H2YH++^#UH2.5AWY73Z\72\+#Z.?Q2_8*)_

.B)(MQQHRFML1!6Y45Y#\\SF6S8=85T@-@
MW//W5RHH4+.G8*B(WC]&A#&KN:#:*%SBX16_LLHTK3E.AL;T$!7C#2KQ7+V
M6





M^

6#XLA5_IJ)F#4':U?SQG+=Y


ZL7]LZN+2AGP7EF7K_

MGZ.?J3[

M#*1&4;+S



 RVD@46:D<XRN*;M%0A&<Y?\

=\AP
E-BLY\_!HV 9!

FT7.5UG&

3]^


M#&![^HV8G6U1[WUO$(XY8^


([Q%1T(Z+S5BY[SL*.T-?#YT[TD=W#/UEN_X\[9Z-]$@
]QQ*A%7
MS@D

*(


4L4

MU .XR-=2JC=O%#&(0FRH-](C[KG9X@ M4CE6_ #/F3M89]L#?P D;#G5FT:0
M*RF=

4


M(PNE(
Y0  U0 K@=BH#;3FN%]VS-YE.K*9C[7S5_7Q3WJ\G'\?VQZ*
JS0-A

S_CZ\];U

UWV_U41C S63?Z7YA34P'


T^\N;^+13/
M*_HD(57+$LOH-F@K,8$,*PPY-AQ+!'F)E( ZJSI5[2.-R=CAXKH/57(.I3G



M[300M?

'35P4V)%.*XYJ)0=

M/587[XSL R5F_B Z4\D#'@S;S


E
M=3$M[L?+?12L 


_C'00!
M)7.0:2

MP!FKB7 *D5)Z%7]QU1-DKZQL4B]=L_*5=7(^-ZMT$Y(%12FQ&F%&-;*805LB






AI3EFP8#N

M--5

]5E'+G




2BL7GT?CN4U'I '?W

MBCAH



MB^M602I''4; 0RBCFTZ%
K4TR)EK_K.16^\.P?[WJ[VOOCNB3;URQXIY$0

UKS.=:U+0%.^=8.Q(XI0


M\WXV_W
TOZO%T[T=!
B=8XAJ#:'7!#'%EZEYRPK,'093XZIF$3H/=&N2..


MG$E]'BCE.Y 0939Q!Z=O URMDBK.V27'!S@6Z-SIE;O*=Z18PX!
YH2$

M 


PR5$JF
MF
G)D9QUM[OW);!EDM7'OM\C^=JG\4%1J0P6EJ0_'.$8D]V8$9KGI)^K?Q&[

M_SZ=Q]\\3
?_?GDG;^'^NIVL[J+'IQYGJTC;S\4\*FF:7


(]PP'U=][RV+_S.E.-[P



^F_[%)EOA+RX^AI4=S
MR?AV]



S5\UGB[^G




MIO; [HETX^GM^&E2+%Y]_LGYK7HG@3



MWG'S

MZT/[Z&O\







[FT?;7:O3JZ
M$Y/18A'=B-NUFM8)*6[

M'7\/*7




5@IFB9?*Z3C.HKMD
MU#




*9;11JL^6DQ1Y0BB%(.^


M4QT_Z%_'II6\G@




M$408E!KP!G@ BA5XA,MV9P[O9D[X9=(T#:Q[YZ;35?S.H/,[7YX(!YHK$Q

K/%





@)CJ4TTYDS\-

MJ:HC973J8=K5%/)J*OT\&9U:BO8^'SR-WCOU*7FQ]=XAIETYW5*%?
YUZ %F


M(MUX]!GJ1R-OTV/VQ^G27


&:9TY#P [ 

M-3D;@ -






M
U5U+/JP%J9GJEN/'_ZS&
V71[7]^J' $4;:LZ(E\Y[KB@Y8?Q*/AUK2+M
V&K'0


M XE



M#?:^K^^U





M$6AF@=!^'+?F6-FN)CJ+SEXLQX^C97%SGS4SUNDFCE&H701!*L4XD112C4HD

M\_&/=4ZU'7JI(F_YRT_%

O2


M


X)1O


M1KW-S-N?
CH+%_W?55RW_&IZMS@=$_KVV9 R

0Z
MY'?CB
LK2S



8

GZF.=VV)-O?$ 0L,T@QR.-0
MUE*[
O B^E]9NX4#7





HT8HM10PG?H$91S*%O;







-L<2RF9'^#:%H83CAST!*@O-3(N?(\R,)<^8[\4[8U0BR
MP]NM[+DR:RMEM#@2E!@N
7(1Q.'8[XN;6:(152=M4?931FM.E7T3G01
#%.
M0V


?;
M4E+%-)IK/99T-;/'I_B%SQ7-RR][UF&%9:I&+X%C(J3D--H
R@@L
7=FJQ_-


MVFO-GD.S

N)\KT0JC5%AI.L.Q_V_BA6
MYE6IS;&7#0/@$@G

]DBP#]_Y8YOYZ*FZ71=ID
M7



Y^#H@M!8SJW49







6*HYDYQ)8 K97=6YT3Q77Q$Z;GV5QO(]WIRNYHN%\^;;!^FZT&6/*5Y
M\3W-]#^*#]/;V6

MM8(=[:2*?V_C=
!J'\+ C?J9C!:+\?WXMAF(R@DN=[BV_V'!8JFH] !Q0BA/



MTJ$NAQ6I_6;!N^I(;6(@-E03)@D#3BNH%%GG5I;
0R8J&7K7%*E-!30TCA@N

0#
-5I;8L!1VI7IDU6I'8]9?038/OU*4XKL_G'V797IT[0]IZV





M3@V6
ULLUXD*B^
%4+I\?0#
1PL3*X4IMHX;9[4MP;24Y3A_ S3!AS0Z!JSF

J\2?;WV.I;


 8:WTGEJLXK5
M#9!=+6F^6@1./:@O
0('.8T

M.!@RJC%QG'

MO5L=N%8Y^;YJ


UT1_K3H1F5&L8&

M:I]38?!DO%V3+4,]/OCVB:]4#&]6^=;K,6VUTT#9,AX8EFT78!FP$LH6FQ
M82@G5OH2(PTZ)E^6
GH
 DCUIN?CT:3
4ECO+/]MZP HPH8RP  P/!K15G-;



MC39HY%V=DQ=8
Z[SO9_&5-/CS#A;+&_N/\]G/\9WX^G#UZ?B-EK;-W
SFZZC

M3BE[)WY_NAN0.Y=Y;*0= 



MEOKI?X!D

MX!'6QCMJ+5V4^O=EB8_!J1:_/L5G3=U
M0*C'T@B'N

RP_%

M@6V$ 

]G'%-R-F39[:!O4X:MB2807A0SUR77WU8-Q:AK$%$E(L-64D=WX



OW\]EX

M\I:ZJ(*X/+Q(/7AR3
]+W!.UR

:#UA]%.]\97^




Z##L+Z\YL[_E]L5Q-QNF[

[**[$F!?7

BU4.S[OV6K.$V7*KYM.F0(TOM=[013U*3W:E-6P'1J0?=;O;JJ


M'_3^#E#:J)MNXI8X6A

M*Y1&ADNM'8.85YNVHU5Z.H\)5UO 'H04J_I*P?:H[\86T)]OIYM.J3736LY
MYQTA8F4UB 8EUUGN43HT@MA.))912
O



R\*-=\:QG




MBZJ#A0UI3HTW!N


A#5*N'





(FZ;KRN[IB4^U
YB

3W^5Y:C
MPYKE!%P,T%?9QSIW)M27F)(,-(W;70(%%8YYPZD9C=;X_ZE(:]<5<-26Y


8*IC]MM4OC5AOE?148J^







M?DJ?_IW.Z-B82'I


M
HA9N]%NQQ''/3*R$6'T1\
U
!H




%WN
A/


M22%GS&[$2$

=FAH-)/JK

M DA
(#?24UI.#
@9FM-:8;AL[8=/=1I2Y0JJ1X?N(XS^/EE]/3:HY;N9^S$N









MY+';@N%QI




M]O4; C4

LFM)@8X!#2*VX']9I-G-05G;X
[C0#;0R#*_J]_FQ2+^/ZO/W\O


W[XR0;+\]O6@OUQ/EXFV








M]L6@
M




MW

!ROB@F=[-*C'EQ;= :0$REL4HS


M4KKXDD+G&E'MX=_99K#1DM$&&








MJI;$_*7XL5J/ID?R@\]^5@#


XJ



%G?%2DVGNZ#/C\5BG$AR=ZSPRWD/#)XSYX@E

M3:*U7QP8'*S%XU

.[4 
9W+L;Y.[K_\=OR(:56:^^#9?Q*_1\]G-\N^3



.U\M


MR2K+\NL\JPN9#)BU?K[.L7T//#'$78(B%G-G*;11.!:JG6_#4PY$5J+AK^.K
M#D0R9

5+$6:(]D@R7

ADMC\%\^O4'R^E!ZZKS62OWADH90X)(0QS7GOMHB;I

LOT?5'*)X47;6649F8=7_S/(SA4?$*@)!J-
MJ=0GU9HS![$6KL0 1VVZRIRV5LERL.EHDX+HKN[ X71G=9^FON6G8CR_FTW^

M+U=']GY%=Z:5^/#YF\#Y;YMMSI_+]*FVB ;!_60VF=U%/?ZX:;L^&3_2YY/T
M;O8%P1

PT\(
M2'G)-9:1M81-TE!.S7-2)SW#.91X(7SM-V!=$+$5_1IO?SU?\6JX=%XSQ^


M)]'F'AZ
$@QQAXUGA*1F#5#0$@@N5(X=D'G4=^%$[4U&W4^][O:V&*\^W'Z8
M%0^ISQ_GD]G*;!Q=[V:[1-(#R4[G6 T-OS
0RJ74'@C@@+
F)6WK$F-K74[G




4V?
M=]:D\/C&(!R@4ABHD8:






MPIH@AN6._-09RG
.D@:5N]LR89H MR_BV

9[&


#*[D

M5







J@E&._+/Q3.;!A^+51T&/+T\
M:.@(TD@!Y7VTF9B*6)0?*S'ML5S





FB'OSG%N@Y/.K=KPXF5-2Y

SIWG1@#.4<7E9?0.667;/B;I3B*R^39*T



M==T4B]5H
K/%8O(]_NA[\7&^G&PJ'3TN
O[G;+2M)Y/J+)17_A;O6Z9)O#C4
M

%[BH')Z4R2I_J('V[C[N=F/5XM
M/\^G-Y^_%2DA(_[H'\5XVS'B %


K-%***[T?
M+P1(9SJ1KF\2Z=4.VAW%G;E.']?#8O8SZ?V(_'XFZ/WAA



$9+71[EV=-&%KLXM@][5//-Q]'
S#7Z9

Q5U3I-HFC:_I4N.S$75'Q* ]EX#EDJ6

 L)\3P5Z+Z%&F@JD ]R-M
#=^G_OQ6


MOGI:IL
(=?NW$<&:PBE1!
&G1#(.2BUVB^-IEK-
MT(O*Z^Y@A]*Q4-Y.5IZ1$D@G@.38:6]8- C\?GI7_DHV0MW1IX%
O7HB&=HA

MJQ\_-OB^(!F'0B-./(B;9 LBJK;$5W)^Y24JZM/LX %E?T+IK)!/*Q5%O058
<B\15Q:I

M2K-$48C



M45.D54AJJ2QDRN]5#^HKZBZ7)]*7W
@&\^SB72?=8T]\.8[$ 2IHE/)60JZ=

?(J4Y6;W#K171AE)G
0*:Z^D
ME(Y+#+&+7-V;

 :INA5W^
_C%?/%0E







MK0248L&T%'M#$^:UBKX /IU-@)/



MRDI,,C^;:7P7-Q/=--]'Z=F/KA]MWL)G)W




M$=8IY!**F








M1R3=*
7V75'$ ##N'#36$\60\D[M12QDI[7ZOQ5Q1;_YO!HM5NUNN'NF9WO:


.)%JA96H']]S=J'1O2V)78I$WX$\K:8K-:;]+8M"U.^*^\
M+6A&$4%(,0\EYM@*YD)J\(NIW?  

.AZ8'O0OT4A2EWRV$4U&V3&.OA4@E






_A4O?!;I#F?C=BJNSNH_;#[P

] =C21[$YF%T

*@6E
]2%U-K1^+Q28K?#8NMD
X60WUP!T!4J
X8YIB!1&





P!1ITO




MVN6:!Y&=\N;UOT7Z7+[R7Y/73T(OF8S24\IXX*EW#WX:D--7]M=!W#7
 ZUQ

.[! @I^)F=;\:6QSNN\
D%O]LN+
LC#U1'1Y96$H


A!D2:

_RL$ T<KPU'2# )K)71TBDKU&.+;([K
M/#,F]B*UZP)EVL-9]/M1!&,U^5[L#J5_G4D_.QZT<;]A@-92.(<-)!Q[1:,P
MI?.8EMIZ_;K3+H(W&H.@5

M

)JC)P H$36 =5I._2NSZ0KLZJ+


Y=5?6^(M.K-!LQ!O76F')ZDGEX1'


8AILIO]Q172C89
M_HK0B


MG426ZOMH










/$#*84/B_[;(:8E(EM]SB&9Y

8!$<: 1$-H:':UW*S4FS !:*1&KG=&^
M+U;I<S\NYM\G$5_]\\]EVIY_^%:D1-C9W6[%GQ15,*C_L$LY- #R)%F2AG'
MB=(E
@3P3NO0=N_A:80S\XZ%T)7?)0[DW2Q.&
7OQ\NU/+DNH&B* L4T%8YB





E@:1H!3F9 D-

K7;PC&6F2@QD)X)C!E5NZ5

M/
+*G

M?1G]V&7*[?+HCFZLC]X9E %6@S@R*(A31OMHPY3C55[F!&IE1B._M=FP64GU
M-2U&I(VJY^IJ]@J'1!^2_#6F1??T($[^GQC*D:7.&NL5VXT^JBS)*2Y8

MOZL'M[YI

%#@:-X/S+#
M.ZI;])1V;W2M;D ^G3F&9N-%$?=8MMC^^0@0
_HV68VF%4X;JS\D8
B@5YHQ

MBN;2
4B5X-&29MX_K!=&=M

M6Z*@]WO'JA:F SJ#;*L5*]+ZWF@]TJTQ3H*;S+Z:S+=&+]UN?;L]J U](Z

!QT[QLC3=P?M%7

MVWW;;&3/XK5U_G-%JN-6E6DWM%G!*@B


6.T]E
(.&1=PI%*4.^FY(\;X!N
MC8JA!X].5)?U8OQUM-Q6'*]!O

W!XX50$18!0E#5!EH.2Q'K2CNQK?XALC7

M*!0BQI5C!\#F$*^VI?EM(Y[(A\7J*NF7A_UU\8YQ:VBT?0PG$%F&I1:B'#N*
M=DF7MN&6=V[6X?:[1];50_Z!=5WW0IO?QP=^396MOA?;;
JG7]9/5[3MER24
M7WY?O49I59X4=P@(8 'XIMDQQMAHP+TUWNIHN%M6R4!M;=-Y1H
J(A47WF!B










M:)H@YR/9%2
MD-AZ82G@MAP=H;'SU
[J/7R3)]&0.V*
@\?^9+E[^(^^3;.I*MB
M&N?1FWV/AG* QS:R&8\-&@#/M;10:2$

OI]YXPEUZY.EALC29:R
 $@XK;UPY+BA$5L/9
MZFV\+]8-D ]I9Y;2+
[QQ7)58_HY=$M E


MA9092H@N1RCC'BF'.YD5SBZ#

EI)2T'\


+VYF23IC*8?1Y.;
M=S,S^C99C:8G^7+TOJ A]D@2X".VWX,G)N'*OS.B=D;)A;E$:YTR2V7?'H







!6QZ6W7

B8J8 2!&J(PL$#K$@]I


1P; AE=&\*6J2[

M2

=Z\7.#QZ:MC1I'.*+P


$QZU4J\/G_YG]%HV#UJ1A/1\OEY'8RWL@I


.#P7- 5XA3EA]XOTG[_B1/?__9__'U!+ 0(4 Q0

MI5
K  #+[P$ %               @ $*A0

3DP-#
P7V-A;YX
M;6Q02P$% 
4     #D@-%.@.H&IC2M  7&@D %               @ &/
ML 

3DP-#
P7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D@-%.Q_2^D%%Q
M 0 I4Q

3DP-#
P7VQA8BYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #D@-%._M)K3Q?W  !I_PP %               @ %XSP4

3DP-#

