

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001580695-16-000407
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160506
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160506
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JAMMIN JAVA CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001334586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				264204714
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52161
		FILM NUMBER:		161628941
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 TEJON STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		323-556-0746
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 TEJON STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80211
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARLEY COFFEE INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080501
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global Electronic Recovery Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050728









     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
 D.C.
20549




ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


 2016


TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934










    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
        
        

    
    
    


        
Denver
 Colorado
    
    

    
        
        
    
    



 including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:

 par value $0.001 per share



seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

No &#9746;


required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes &#9744; No &#9746;


to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter periods
that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes &#9746; No &#9744;


submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#9746;&nbsp;No &#9744;




filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;


large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of

&rdquo;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



    
    

    
        
        
    



shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes &#9744; No &#9746;


voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price of such common equity on
the OTCQB market as of July 31
 2015
 the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
was approximately $24
948
964.


 2016
 there were 130
134
439 shares of the
issuer&rsquo;s common stock outstanding
 which number does not include 250
000 shares which were agreed to be issued in March 2016
and which the registrant plans to issue shortly after such date.








    
    








    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    







&rdquo;)
 particularly in Item 1



Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

&rdquo; that involve risks and uncertainties
 as well as assumptions that
 if
they prove incorrect or never materialize
 could cause our results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to any statements
 predictions
and expectations regarding our earnings
 revenue
 sales and operations
 operating expenses
 anticipated cash needs
 capital requirements
and capital expenditures
 needs for additional financing
 use of working capital
 plans for future products
 services and distribution
channels
 anticipated growth strategies
 planned capital raises
 ability to attract distributors and customers
 sources of net
revenue
 anticipated trends and challenges in our business and the markets in which we operate
 the impact of economic and industry
conditions on our customers and our business
 customer demand
 our competitive position
 the outcome of any litigation against
us
 critical accounting policies and the impact of recent accounting pronouncements. Additional forward-looking statements include
but are not limited to
 statements pertaining to other financial items
 plans
 strategies or objectives of management for future
operations
 our financial condition or prospects
 and any other statement that is not historical fact. Forward-looking statements

might
intend


could
can
would
continue


believe
anticipate
estimate
predict


plan
&rdquo; and similar expressions and variations or
the negativities of these terms or other comparable terminology.


are based on the expectations
 estimates
 projections
 beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently
available to management
 all of which is subject to change. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks
 uncertainties
and other factors that are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied
by our forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
&rdquo; in Item 1A in this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or
update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements for any reason
except as otherwise required by law.


Form 10-K is not a complete description of our business or the risks associated with an investment in our common stock. We urge
you to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Annual Report and in our other reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.


10-K
 we may rely on and refer to information regarding the market for our products and our industry in general
 which information
comes from market research reports
 analyst reports and other publicly available information. Although we believe that this information
is reliable
 we cannot guarantee the accuracy and completeness of this information
 and we have not independently verified any
of it.




and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act
 under which we file periodic reports
 proxy and information statements and other
information with the United States Commission. Copies of the reports
 proxy statements and other information may be examined without
charge at the Public Reference Room of the SEC
 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Room 1580
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
 or on the Internet at http://www.sec.gov.
Copies of all or a portion of such materials can be obtained from the Public Reference Room of the SEC upon payment of prescribed
fees. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information about the Public Reference Room.





we
us
our
Jammin
Java



    
    



 unless the context
otherwise requires and for the purposes of this report only:


&rdquo; refers to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934




&rdquo;




&rdquo; refers to the
Securities Act of 1933



You should carefully consider
the risk factors described below
 as well as the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K prior to making
a decision to invest in our securities.







&rdquo; In February 2008
 we changed our
&rdquo; when we merged our then newly-formed subsidiary
&rdquo;
into the Company. In July 2009
&rdquo; when we merged our newly-formed subsidiary
Jammin Java Corp.
&rdquo;)
under the symbol &ldquo;






premium roasted coffee and specialty coffee on a wholesale level to the service
 hospitality
 office coffee service and big box
store markets
 as well as to a variety of other business channels. Specifically
 we currently provide award winning sustainably
grown
 ethically-farmed and artisan roasted gourmet coffee through multiple United States and international distribution channels.
We intend to develop a significant share of these markets and achieve a leadership position by capitalizing on the global recognition
&rdquo; brand name. We hope to capitalize on the guidance and leadership of our Chairman
 Rohan Marley
and to increase our sales through the marketing of products using the likeness of
 and reflecting the personality of
 Mr. Marley.
Additionally
 through a licensing agreement with the family of the late reggae performer
 Robert Nesta Marley
 professionally known
as Bob Marley (whose family members include Rohan Marley
 our Chairman and the son of Bob Marley)(as described below)
 we are provided
the worldwide right to use the name &ldquo;


the key to our growth is a multichannel distribution and sales strategy. Since August 2011
 we have been introducing a wide variety
of coffee products through multiple distribution channels using the Marley Coffee brand name. The main channels of revenue for
the Company are now and are expected to continue to be domestic retail in both grocery and away from home (for example
 consumption
at the office and on the go)
 international distribution
 and online retail.


to market our products in these channels
 we have developed a variety of coffee products in varying formats. The Company offers
an entire line of coffee in whole bean and ground form with varying sizes including 2.5 ounce (oz)
 8oz
 12oz and 2 pound (lbs)
&rdquo; solution with its compostable Single-Serve Pods for Bunn&reg;
and other pod-based home and office brewers. The Company recently launched its Marley Coffee recyclable RealCup; compatible cartridges
for use in most models of Keurig&reg;&rsquo;s K-Cup brewing system.



    
    





 2012
 the Company
entered into a fifteen (15) year license agreement (renewable for two additional fifteen (15) year terms thereafter in the option
of the Company) with an effective date of August 7
 2012 with Fifty-Six Hope Road Music Limited
 a Bahamas international business
&rdquo;). Rohan Marley
 our Chairman
owns an interest in and serves as a director of Fifty-Six Hope Road. Pursuant to the FSHR License Agreement
 Fifty-Six Hope Road
granted the Company a worldwide
 exclusive
&rdquo; trademarks
&rdquo;) in connection with (i) the manufacturing
 advertising
 promotion
 sale
 offering for sale
and distribution of coffee in all its forms and derivations
 regardless of portions

Licensed Products
 coffee production services
 and coffee sales
 supply
 distribution
and support services
 provided that the Company may not open retail coffee houses utilizing the Trademarks. Fifty-Six Hope Road
owns and controls the intellectual property rights in and to the late reggae performer
 Robert Nesta Marley
 professionally known
as Bob Marley
 including the Trademarks. In addition
 Fifty-Six Hope Road granted the Company the right to use the Trademarks on
advertising and promotional materials that pertain solely to the sale of coffee cups
 coffee mugs
 coffee glasses
 saucers
 milk
steamers
 machines for brewing coffee
 espresso and/or cappuccino
 grinders
 water treatment products
 tea products
 chocolate
products
&rdquo;
 and together with
the Exclusive Licensed Products
&rdquo;). Licensed Products may be sold by the Company pursuant
to the FSHR License Agreement through all channels of distribution
 provided that
 subject to certain exceptions
 the Company cannot
sell the Licensed Products by direct marketing methods (other than the Company&rsquo;s website)
 including television
 infomercials
or direct mail without the prior written consent of Fifty-Six Hope Road. Additionally
 FSHR has the right to approve all Licensed
Products
 all advertisements in connection therewith and all product designs and packaging. The agreement also provides that FSHR
shall own all rights to any domain names (including marleycoffee.com)
 incorporating the Trademarks.


licenses
 the Company agreed to pay royalties to Fifty-Six Hope Road in an amount equal to 3% of the net sales of all Licensed
Products on a quarterly basis. In addition
 such royalty payments are to be deferred during the first 20 months of the term of
the FSHR License Agreement
 and such deferred payments shall be paid on a quarterly-basis thereafter until paid in full. At January
31
 2016
 $264
670 is owed for such royalty fees.

Mother Parkers License
Agreement


20
 2014

&rdquo;)
 which amended and restated a prior license agreement entered into
between the parties in October 2011. A significant portion of the Company&rsquo;s revenue comes from sales to and through Mother
Parkers. As described in greater detail in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 30
 2014
 the Company
also entered into a Subscription Agreement with Mother Parkers in April 2014
 pursuant to which Mother Parkers purchased 7
333
529
units from the Company for $2.5 million
 each unit consisting of one share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock; and one warrant
to purchase one share of common stock at $0.51135 per share for a term of three years.


to our relationship with Mother Parkers
 Mother Parkers produces Marley Coffee RealCups for us. For direct sales of RealCups (e.g.
in jurisdictions in which Mother Parkers does not have exclusive rights as described below) we purchase the RealCups from Mother
Parkers and handle all aspects of selling
 merchandising and marketing products to retailers. Pursuant to the MP Agreement
 the
Company granted Mother Parkers the exclusive right to manufacture
 process
 package
 label
 distribute and sell single serve hard
&rdquo;) on behalf of the Company in Canada
 the United
States of America and Mexico. The rights granted under the MP Agreement are subject to certain terms and conditions of our license
agreement with Fifty-Six Hope Road. Pursuant to the MP Agreement
 Mother Parkers is required to
 among other things
 supply all
ingredients and materials
 labor
 manufacturing equipment and other resources necessary to manufacture and package the Product
develop coffee blends set forth in specifications provided by the Company from time to time
 procure coffee beans in the open market
(or from the Company&rsquo;s designee) at favorable prices
 set prices for the Product in a manner that is competitive in the market
place and deliver Product logo/brand designs to the Company for approval prior to manufacturing any such Product. We are required
to
 among other things
 cross-promote the Product
 use Product images and marketing materials provided by Mother Parkers to promote
the Product
 and provide the services of Rohan Marley (our Chairman) at a minimum of five locations per year at the Company&rsquo;s
sole cost and expense. There are no minimum volume or delivery requirements under the MP Agreement. Pursuant to the MP Agreement
Mother Parkers agreed to pay us a fee of $0.06 per capsule for Talkin&rsquo; Blues products and $0.04 per capsule for all other
Product sold by Mother Parkers under the terms of the agreement
 which payments are due in monthly installments. The MP Agreement
has a term of five years
 provided that it automatically renews thereafter for additional one year periods if not terminated by
the parties
 provided further that we are not able to terminate the agreement within the first 12 months of the term of the agreement
and if we terminate the agreement or take any action that lessens or diminishes Mother Parkers&rsquo; exclusive rights under the
agreement during months 12 through 36 of the agreement
 we are required to pay Mother Parkers a fee of $600
000 and reimburse Mother
Parkers for any out of pocket costs incurred by Mother Parkers for inventory and other materials that are unsalable or unusable
after such termination. We also receive revenues through the sale by Mother Parkers of our roast coffee in Canada
 whereby we receive
a portion of the gross revenues of such sales.


    
    



Sales and Marketing Agreement With National Coffee
Service &amp; Vending


 2011
 the Company
&rdquo;) with National Coffee Service
&rdquo;). Pursuant to the NCSV Agreement
 we agreed to appoint NCSV as our exclusive agent and
&rdquo;)
in the office coffee vending
 office products
 water


and offshoots thereof. Pursuant to the NCSV Agreement
 we share net profits generated by this agreement with NCSV on a 60/40 basis
(with 60% of such net profits being provided to the Company).


NCSV is responsible for marketing and distributing Products and we agreed to refer all inquiries for purchase of the Products to
NCSV (subject to small quantities of Products being referred to separate sub-agents). We also agreed not to compete with NCSV for
sales and to refer to NCSV any sales relating to the Products and channels covered by the NCSV Agreement.


effect until April 25
 2014
 and automatically renews for additional two year periods thereafter on a rolling basis
 unless terminated
by either party at least 30 days prior to the end of such applicable renewal term. The agreement was not terminated as of April
25
 2014
 and therefore automatically renewed for an additional two year period. The NCSV Agreement can be terminated in the event
of a breach of the NCSV Agreement (by the non-breaching party) or if the terminating party pays the non-terminating party a lump
sum equal to the estimated net profit which would have been due to the non-terminating party if the NCSV Agreement had remained
in effect for an additional 24 months from the termination date of the NCSV Agreement (based on the prior 12 months&rsquo; net
profit).




food brokerage companies to help it represent
 market and merchandise its products at grocery retail on a store level. The Company
engaged Alliance Sales &amp; Marketing
 a private food broker based in Charlotte
 North Carolina
 to help increase its new market
penetration nationally in the grocery and natural foods retail sector. The Alliance Sales &amp; Marketing contract is month to
month unless terminated by either party at least 30 days prior to the end of such applicable renewal term. The Company pays up
to 4% of revenues on accounts the broker represents if they meet certain pre-established goals. A total of $218
368 had been accrued
for amounts payable under this agreement as of January 31
 2016.


also uses Harlow HRK to help manage its Kroger business. The Harlow HRK contract is month-to-month unless terminated by either
party at least 30 days prior to the end of such applicable renewal term. The Company pays up to 4% of revenues on accounts the
broker represents if they meet certain pre-established goals. The total due to Harlow HRK at January 31
 2016 for commissions was
$8
254.




its coffee from two main suppliers; Mother Parkers and European Roasterie
 Inc. The Company generally provides these suppliers
with desired taste profiles for various Company products
 as well as related packaging and marketing materials
 and the suppliers
are generally responsible for sourcing and supplying the roasted beans for those products in quantities the Company orders from
time to time. We are responsible for carrying out sales and marketing for our products. Our suppliers handle shipping to our distributors
and customers. We receive the gross proceeds from the sale of our products and then pay our suppliers for the cost of goods sold.
Pricing is subject to change based on prevailing market prices
 with 30 days&rsquo; written notice. We bear all of the cost of
bad debts or uncollectable accounts.



    
    





28
 2015
 we entered into a Supply and Distribution Agreement with C&amp;V International Co.
&rdquo;)
pursuant to which we agreed to supply C&amp;V coffee and Marley Coffee branded products for distribution by C&amp;V
 as our exclusive
distributor
 in South Korea (a) through the food service
 online
 grocery retail and convenience business channels; and (b) to
Marley Coffee branded Cafes operating in South Korea (which cafes are owned and operated by third parties and with which we have
no affiliation
 other than in connection with the supply of coffee and Marley Coffee branded products being sold at such cafes).
There are twelve current Marley Coffee branded cafes open in South Korea
 with the goal of expanding that number to thirty within
the next three years. C&amp;V was also granted a right of first refusal (subject to certain terms and conditions described in the
agreement)
 for a period of two years from our entry into the agreement (subject to the requirement to negotiate in good faith
to extend such right of first refusal period prior to the expiration thereof)
 to become our exclusive distributor in each country
in Asia that we may choose to distribute products to in the future.


has a term through September 1
 2024
 automatically renewable for additional one year terms thereafter on each of the five anniversaries
of the end of the initial term
 unless either party gives the other at least 90 days&rsquo; notice of their intention not to renew.
The agreement may also be terminated by either party upon the breach of any material term of the agreement by the other party
provided the breaching party is given fifteen business days to cure any breach
 and such breach is not timely cured.


agreed to pay us certain pre-agreed to prices for the products sold and we agreed to sell such products to C&amp;V at competitive
price levels. We are also required to meet certain minimum quantity and quality requirements in connection with the supply of coffee
and products under the agreement and C&amp;V is required to purchase all coffee and products from us
 subject to certain rights
to acquire third party coffee
 only to the extent that we fail to meet certain quantity and quality requirements set forth in the
agreement and further fail to timely cure such failures. The agreement contains usual and customary representations
 covenants
indemnification rights
 limits on liability and confidentiality requirements.




 2016
 the Company
entered into a settlement agreement and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among
other things
 the provider agreed to buy out the Company&rsquo;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period
from March 15
 2011 to March 15
 2012 for $400
000
 which the Company expects to receive approximately 30 days after the entry
into the settlement.




Company&rsquo;s objective is to position Marley Coffee as the premiere brand across all of the distribution channels for which
&rdquo; name and to capitalize on the likeness
 philosophies and strategies of our
Chairman
 Rohan Marley.


verticals and selling strategies which all complement each other
 which are all part of our broader distribution strategy
 but
not treated as separate channels: Domestic
 International
 and our eBusiness subscription model. All three of these channels distribute
the Company&rsquo;s wide variety of product offerings.


of the Company with the strategy of continuing to expand into key markets and gaining new accounts and building on the base of
accounts we have already. Within the U.S. grocery and specialty retail channel
 the Company&rsquo;s products are distributed through
several distributors such as UNFI
 Kehe
 C&amp;S and DPI and we also distribute directly to certain customers. We sell to retailers
such as Krogers
 HEB
 Wegmans
 Safeway
 Albertsons
 Sprouts
 Target
 Jewel-Osco
 Market Basket
 Whole Foods
 South Eastern Grocers
Ahold
 Hannafords
 Shaw&rsquo;s
 Fairways
 Ingles
 Acme
 Meijers
 Lucky&rsquo;s Markets and Farm Fresh. During the past year we
have expanded our distributor relationships nationally in the United States. We expect our ongoing discussions with retailers will
enable us to place our products in more chains throughout the year and we continue to seek to expand our product placement with
grocery retailers and distributors throughout the United States and internationally.



    
    



create and sell a variety of coffee products for almost every coffee distribution channel. We sell 8 ounce (oz) and 12oz ground
and whole bean bagged coffee primarily to the retail grocery channel. We sell 2lb whole bean and 2.5oz fractional packs primarily
to the food service and Office Coffee Service or Breakroom industry.


late November 2012
 we launched our Marley Coffee RealCups; a single serve; compatible cartridge
 for use in most models of Keurig&reg;&rsquo;s
K-Cup brewing system. The coffee single serve channel is the fastest growing sector of the coffee industry and the fastest growing
part of our business. We generate revenues in this category in two ways 1) by selling directly to retailers; and 2) through a
licensing agreement with our roasters Mother Parkers (described above). For direct sales
 we handle all aspects of selling
 merchandising
and marketing of the products to retailers. Through the licensing agreement Mother Parkers develops the relationships with retailers
and handles everything from selling
 merchandising
 discounting
 promoting and marketing and we receive a licensing fee per cup
sold as described above.


the fourth quarter of calendar 2014
 we launched an innovative Coffee of the Month subscription service as well an online retail
platform at https://shop.marleycoffee.com/. We anticipate this to be a key revenue driver in the upcoming year. The Company also
sells to other online operators such as Amazon.com
 coffeeicon.com
 ecscoffee.com
 officedepot.com and coffeewiz.com.


the second half of fiscal 2016
 we launched a new version of the Marley Coffee RealCup&trade; capsule that will be compatible
with the Keurig&reg;&rsquo;s K-Cup brewing system (both generation 1 and K2.0). The
recyclable RealCup&trade; will utilize a recyclable capsule that is accepted by many curbside recycling programs
 which will be
a key driving advantage to us over our competitors at retail.


business will be one of the critical components to our revenue growth and expansion. For our international accounts
 we rely on
first in class operators to take our brand to market and handle all of the distribution and marketing for the products. We provide
brand support to our international accounts. We currently have key distribution in several countries
 which include Canada
 the
United Kingdom
 South Korea
 Chile
 Australia and Mexico. These countries primarily sell to the food service industry
 which includes
hotels
 restaurants and cafes. From their success in food service
 they have expanded distribution into retail distribution. Mother
Parkers takes our products to market in Canada through both a licensing agreement and buy-sell relationship. Our distributors in
South Korea
 Australia
 Mexico and Chile buy coffee from us here in the U.S. at wholesale prices and then resell the coffee to
their customers. Our U.K. distributor roasts and packs Company approved coffee and resells it to customers throughout Europe.

Sales and Distribution
Agreements and Understandings


has entered into informal sales arrangements
 not documented by definitive agreements
 with several coffee distributors
 beverage
services and retailers around the world.


Mother Parkers Tea &amp; Coffee Inc. is the Company&rsquo;s distributor for the food service channel
 which sells to restaurant
chains like Milestones
 Original Joe&rsquo;s and Elephant and Castle. Mother Parkers Tea &amp; Coffee also brings the Company&rsquo;s
products into retailers such as Loblaw&rsquo;s
 Sobey&rsquo;s
 ID Foods
 COOP and Metro. Their success has led to about a 60% ACV
for the entire country.


United States
 for the commercial break room channel
 the Company uses its national sales representatives
 National Coffee Service
&amp; Vending (NCS&amp;V)
 to distribute to various retailers and distributors.


to distributions through NCS&amp;V
 the Company conducts sales directly to retailers as well as to distributors. In order to get
in front of retail and distributor accounts
 we rely on the experience and relationships of our staff to acquire both groups. Our
marketing efforts are comprised of in store promotions
 in store demos
 external marketing programs
 public relations
 social media
tradeshows and general advertising.


    
    



the U.S. grocery and specialty retail channel
 the Company utilizes two national brokerage companies to represent
 market and merchandise
its products in the conventional grocery market. The Company works with Alliance Sales &amp; Marketing
 a private food broker based
in Charlotte
 North Carolina
 to increase its new market penetration nationally in the grocery and natural foods retail sector.
The Company also uses Harlow HRK to help manage its Kroger business.


the U.S. grocery and specialty retail channel
 the Company&rsquo;s products are distributed through several distributors such as
UNFI
 Kehe
 C&amp;S and DPI and we also distribute directly to certain retailers.


has strengthened its online presence by selling through a multitude of online retailers such as Amazon.com
 coffeeicon.com
 ecscoffee.com
officedepot.com and coffeewiz.com.

Products
 Plan of Operations
and Business Growth


Fiscal 2015 and 2016
 we established a national grocery distribution network
 increased our brand awareness and strengthened our
international presence. Two of the Company&rsquo;s SKUs have now made it into 1/3 of U.S. grocery stores. For Fiscal 2017
 our
primary goal is to increase our velocity rate per store instead of increasing the number of our accounts.


and organized the operations of the Company to scale to $40 million in revenue without materially increasing our staffing needs
from where they are currently.


is organized around our three pillars of growth
 which are domestic grocery
 international and ecommerce.




grocery is the core focus of the Company with the strategy of continuing to expand into key markets and gaining new accounts and
building on the base of accounts we have already. Within the U.S. grocery and specialty retail channel
 the Company&rsquo;s products
are distributed through several distributors such as UNFI
 Kehe
 C&amp;S and DPI and we also distribute directly to certain customers.
We sell to retailers such as Krogers
 HEB
 Wegmans
 Safeway
 Albertsons
 Sprouts
 Target
 Jewel-Osco
 Market Basket
 Whole Foods
South Eastern Grocers
 Ahold
 Hannafords
 Shaw&rsquo;s
 Fairways
 Ingles
 Acme
 Meijers
 Lucky&rsquo;s Markets and Farm Fresh.
During the past year we have expanded our distributor relationships nationally in the United States. We expect our ongoing discussions
with retailers will enable us to place our products in more chains throughout the year and we continue to seek to expand our product
placement with grocery retailers and distributors throughout the United States and internationally.


the course of the last few years
 we gained distribution in over 11
500 stores in the United States
 which represents 35% of all
commodity volume (ACV) for all grocery. Throughout fiscal 2017
 while we will still look to gain additional distribution
 we are
not pursuing it at the same pace we did during the past 18 months. Our objective for our existing distribution is to add more SKUs
(Stock Keeping Units) to our current distribution
 increase our turn rate (velocity)
 and build brand awareness to drive further
growth.


of our primary drivers is to enhance our brand and increase our turn rate on shelves. In order to accomplish that we will continue
to promote the Marley Coffee brand as well as our Recyclable RealCup&trade;. In July
of fiscal 2016
 we launched a new version of the Marley Coffee RealCup&trade; capsule that is compatible with the Keurig Green
Mountain K2.0. The recyclable RealCup&trade; which utilize a recyclable capsule that is accepted by many curbside recycling programs.
The technology and intellectual property is owned by Mother Parkers
 however we are one of the first and primary super premium
product to launch in market amongst Mother Parkers portfolio of brands especially at our scale.


on our current distribution in the U.S. and an average of three of RealCups&trade; per store
 if we can get an additional customer
to purchase one SKU per store
 per week
 within our existing distribution
 we believe we can generate approximately ~$8 million
in additional revenue per year. Our next objective is to get all nine Recyclable RealCup&trade; Marley Coffee SKUs within our current
distribution. SKUs or Stock Keeping Units are a store&rsquo;s or catalog&rsquo;s product and service identification code
 often
portrayed as a machine-readable bar code that helps items be tracked for inventory.



    
    



that our recyclable RealCup&trade; capsule (Ecocup) has been one of the most innovative
and sustainable single serve products to hit the market and we&rsquo;ve seen material growth results because of it. Keurig Green
Mountain
 the largest company in the single serve space in North America has expressed their belief that there should be a recyclable
solution for K-Cups
 however they have only set a 2020 target for their commitment to making 100% of their K-Cup packs recyclable
which we believe both validates what we&rsquo;re doing and gives us a 5 year first mover competitive advantage.


on the positive feedback from retailers and customers as well as some preliminary sales information
 EcoCup has had a very positive
impact on our operations. We&rsquo;ve even been nominated by the Nexty Awards and Beverage Awards for our innovation and packaging.
Our preliminary data has shown that EcoCups by themselves have helped with incremental growth in accounts like Market Basket and
Kroger.




business is one of the key components of our revenues. For our international accounts
 we rely on first in class operators to take
our brand to market and handle all of the distribution and marketing for the products. We provide brand support to our international
accounts. We currently have key distribution in several countries
 which include Canada
 the United Kingdom
 South Korea
 Mexico
and Chile. These countries primarily sell to the food service industry
 which includes hotels
 restaurants and cafes. From their
success in food service
 they have expanded distribution into retail distribution. Mother Parkers takes our products to market
in Canada through both a licensing agreement and buy-sell relationship. Our U.K. distributor roasts and packs Company approved
coffee and resells it to customers throughout Europe.


Coffee Organization recently reported that it expects global coffee demand to rise 25% by 2021. We believe that we are in a strong
position to capitalize on that growth and our goal is to continue finding top-tier operators like the ones we have in place in
Canada
 South Korea
 Chile
 Mexico and the United Kingdom. Through a distribution arrangement we have in place with C&amp;V International
(which has no relation to Fifty-Six Hope Road)
 we generate revenue through coffee sold to Marley Coffee branded coffee shops in
Korea (which we have no ownership or management in) and also general licensing fees through such coffee sales.


a distribution arrangement we have in place with C&amp;V International
 we generate revenue through coffee sold to Marley Coffee
branded coffee shops in Korea (which we have no ownership in) and also general licensing fees through such coffee sales.


acquisition of GMCR could help get brewers into the market in which we would have the ability capitalize on.




 through Mother Parkers
the Company is distributed in grocery retail
 OCS and food service.


products in over 2
000 stores
 including some of the largest retail chains in Canada
 which include Loblaw&rsquo;s
 Sobey&rsquo;s
ID Foods
 COOP
 London Drugs and Metro. Our goal is to establish distribution of RealCups in grocery stores for the next two years
and then to introduce our bagged coffee by 2017. We estimate that Mother Parkers will sell approximately 15 million RecyclableRealCup&trade;
through grocery retail
 OCS and food service within this fiscal year.


success in bringing our coffee into its food service business. They have been able to establish our products in several large restaurant
chains and expect to expand the business over the next few years. For its food service business
 Mother Parkers currently buys
8 ounce
 2.5 ounce fractional packs and 2 pound bags directly from the Company. The projected volume for this year is approximately
140
000 pounds of coffee with plans to get to 500
000 pounds by 2017.



    
    



in Canada totaled $922
517 and total RealCup licensing was $572
612 and total sales for the year ended January 31
 2015 was $1
546
422.
For the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 the total sales and total licensing with Mother Parker&rsquo;s was equal to $1
495
128
and $1
546
422
 respectively.




success in distribution at specialty and natural grocery stores throughout Europe.




have launched or are launching this year. Being successful in South Korea has the potential to echo throughout Asia and we believe
our success in South Korea will be a springboard to getting meaningful distribution elsewhere in Asia. Our South Korean partners
currently buy green beans and roasted products from the Company.


Korea totaled $828
723 for green coffee and whole bean coffee and for fiscal 2015 sales in South Korea totaled $227
751.




distributor who has been a brand champion for us in the region. Through their guerilla marketing efforts by sponsoring surf competitions
and music festivals like Lollapalooza
 they have gained distribution in food service as well as retail grocery.


 our distributor
has secured over 350 accounts in the region from boutiques to large restaurant chains. They recently secured Casta&ntilde;o
 one
of the largest coffee chains in all of Chile with over 80 stores that can in total do ~132
000 lbs. of coffee per year (which began
in summer 2015). In December of 2014
 they gained distribution in 44 Subway sandwich stores and they have goals to be in 53 stores
by the end of the year and to potentially expand into other countries.


has helped them quickly expand into grocery retail. They recently placed our products into 100 Unimarc and 50 Tottus supermarkets
two big retail chains in Chile. However
 their biggest customer to date is Walmart
 which they just landed. Walmart will be bringing
in 3 bags of 227 grams (8oz) coffees into stores in an early summer launch in the 30 biggest stores
 with the goal of getting to
the other 120 stores in Chile within six months.


totaled $808
658 and for fiscal 2015 sales in Chile totaled $196
099.




2014
.
We anticipate this to be a key revenue driver in the upcoming year. The total online sales for the year ended January 31
 2016
were $49
900 compared to $-0- for the year ended January 31
 2015.


business and social media presence is also critical in driving consumers to retail grocery stores. We have a robust social media
presence with an aggregate of more than 2 million followers through Marley Coffee&rsquo;s own accounts as well as our Chairman&rsquo;s
account. We believe we have the ability to connect with everyone from Baby Boomers who grew up listening to Bob Marley&rsquo;s
music to the Millennials who still connect with Bob Marley and the next generation of Marley music both offline and online. We
believe the Company is naturally positioned to talk to all of these consumers digitally through our social media and at the shelf
through our products and brand positioning.



    
    


Patents
 Trademarks and Licenses


 pursuant to
the September 13
 2012
 FSHR License Agreement
 Fifty-Six Hope Road granted the Company a worldwide
 exclusive
 non-transferable
&rdquo;) in connection with (i)
the manufacturing
 advertising
 promotion
 sale
 offering for sale and distribution of coffee in all its forms and derivations
regardless of portions
&rdquo;) and (ii) coffee roasting services
coffee production services
 and coffee sales
 supply
 distribution and support services
 provided that the Company may not open
retail coffee houses utilizing the Trademarks.


 the Company currently
&rdquo;
 the rights to which name is owned by Fifty-Six Hope Road.


 (the rights to which domain name are owned by FSHR). The information on
 or that may be accessed
through
 our website is not incorporated by reference into this report and should not be considered a part of this report.




coffee and coffee related products is intense and we expect it to increase. Our most significant competitors
 include premium coffee
companies such as Starbucks
 Peet&rsquo;s Coffee
 Keurig Green Mountain and other national
 local and regional companies in the
grocery retail and office coffee service and hospitality industry market
 many of which have substantially greater financial
 sales
marketing and human resources than we do.


choose among coffee brands based on the total value proposition that includes quality
 variety
 convenience
 personal taste preference
price and social/sustainable consciousness. We believe that our market share in the category is driven by the quality of our product
and the sustainable message we convey while being competitively priced in the premium category.




funds on research and development activities for the fiscal years ended January 31
 2016 or January 31
 2015.




 2016
 we had 12
full-time and two part-time employees. We also utilize independent contractors and consultants to assist us with key functions.
Our agreements with these independent contractors and consultants are usually short-term. We believe that our relations with our
employees
 independent contractors and consultants are good. None of our employees are represented by a union or covered by a collective
bargaining agreement.




is highly speculative
 and should only be made by persons who can afford to lose their entire investment in us. You should carefully
consider the following risk factors and other information in this annual report before deciding to become a holder of our common
stock. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business and financial results could be negatively affected to a significant
extent.



    
    


Risks Associated with Our Liquidity and Need
for Additional Funding

We have had negative cash
flows from operations and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and if we are not able to
generate positive cash flow
 our business operations may fail.


have increased significantly on an annual basis
 the Company has incurred a net loss of $5
201
917 and $10
280
985 for the years
ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and had an accumulated deficit of $29
245
750 at January 31
In addition
the Company has a history of losses and has not generated net income from operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The operations of the Company have primarily been funded by the
issuance of its common stock. The Company&rsquo;s ability to meet its obligations in the ordinary course of business is dependent
upon its ability to sell its products directly to end-users and through distributors
 establish profitable operations through increased
sales and decreased expenses
 and obtain additional funds when needed. We may not be able to increase sales or reduce expenses
to a level necessary to meet our current obligations or continue as a going concern. As a result
 the opinion the Company received
from its independent registered public accounting firm on its January 31
 2016 financial statements contains an explanatory paragraph
stating that there is substantial doubt regarding the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. If we become unable
to continue as a going concern
 we may have to liquidate our assets
 and may realize significantly less than the values at which
they are carried on our financial statements
 and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in our common stock. The
accompanying financial statements do not contain any adjustments for this uncertainty.

The
Company owes a significant amount of money to Mother Parkers.


January 31
 2016
 the Company owed a significant amount of accounts payable
 including approximately $2.05 million to Mother Parkers
in consideration for distribution services rendered. Mother Parkers has previously advised us that if we are not able to pay them
amounts due past the 120 day net terms they have provided us
 they will not provide additional credit and will stop distributing
our products. As of the filing date of this statement
 our debt with Mother Parkers is below 120 days. As described above
 Mother
Parkers is one of our largest distributors
 representing over half of our revenues for the twelve months ended January 31
 2016
and in the event they stop distributing our products our results of operations will be materially adversely effected and we may
be forced to curtail or abandon our business operations. We recently raised funding through the sale of convertible notes
 as described
above
 to pay down a portion of the amounts we owed to Mother Parkers
 provided that in the future we may be required to raise
additional debt or equity funding (including in order to repay such convertible notes)
 which may not be available on favorable
terms
 if at all.

We may incur additional
indebtedness which could reduce our financial flexibility
 increase interest expense and adversely impact our operations.


 we may incur significant
amounts of additional indebtedness in order to make acquisitions or continue our business plan. Our level of indebtedness could
affect our operations in several ways
 including the following:


a significant portion of our cash flows could be used




a high level of debt would increase our vulnerability




any covenants contained in the agreements governing
our outstanding indebtedness could limit our ability to borrow additional funds
 dispose of assets
 pay dividends and make certain




a high level of debt may place us at a competitive
disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and
 therefore
 our competitors may be able to take advantage




debt covenants to which we may agree may affect our
flexibility in planning for
 and reacting to





    
    



the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the principal
or interest on our debt
 and future working capital
 borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such
debt. If we do not have sufficient funds and are otherwise unable to arrange financing
 we may have to sell significant assets
or have a portion of our assets foreclosed upon which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
and results of operations.

Risks Associated with the Complaint Filed Against
Us by the SEC

The
November 2015 complaint filed against us by the SEC may have a significant negative impact on us.


&rdquo;
 on November 17
 2015
 the SEC filed
a complaint against us and certain other defendants in the United States District Court Central District of California Western
Division. Pursuant to the complaint

and dump
utilizing our July 2009 reverse merger transaction to secretly gain control of millions of our shares
 spreading the stock to offshore
entities
 and dumping the shares on the unsuspecting public after the stock price soared following fraudulent promotional campaigns
undertaken by Mr. Whittle and certain other of the defendants in or around 2011. The complaint also alleges that to boost our stock
price and provide cash to the Company
 Mr. Whittle and certain other of the defendants orchestrated a sham financing arrangement
designed to create the false appearance of legitimate third-party interest and investment in the Company through a non-existent
entity
 Straight Path Capital
 pursuant to which we raised approximately $2.5 million through the sale of 6.25 million shares of
common stock in 2011. The SEC also alleges that Mr. Whittle and others caused us to make public announcements which caused our
stock price to rise
 which helped facilitate the alleged frauds among other allegations spelled out more completely in the complaint.
The SEC&rsquo;s complaint charges us (along with certain of the other defendants) with conducting an illegal offering in violation
of Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act and further charges the other defendants with various other violations of the securities
laws. The SEC is seeking injunctions
 disgorgement
 prejudgment interest
 and penalties as well as penny stock bars against all
of the individual defendants and an officer-and-director bar against Mr. Whittle.


that the Company is the subject of a complaint filed by the SEC
 actions we may take to defend ourselves from the allegations made
in the complaint
 as well as negative perceptions of the public due to the fact that we are subject to the complaint
 and shareholder
litigation in connection therewith
 or threatened in connection therewith
 may have the effect of: keeping us from securing an
up-listing to a major stock exchange; limiting our options for future financing and reducing liquidity; raising the costs of future
financing; raising legal
 accounting and insurance costs; reducing available cash for operations and the satisfaction of outstanding
liabilities; taking resources (including cash and management time and focus) away from operations; negatively affecting our stock
price
 liquidity and reputation in the marketplace; creating events of default under loan agreements and other material agreements;
causing employees to resign or seek alternative employment; forcing us to pay legal and other costs
 including potential legal
settlements
 in connection with shareholder litigation; causing customers and suppliers to cease doing business with us; and making
new investors
 joint venture partners
 service providers
 lenders
 and other parties less likely to do business with
 or enter
into transactions with us; all of which may have a significant negative impact on our results of operations
 the value of our securities
our ability to raise funding in the future
 our revenues and our long-term viability
 all of which could lead to the value of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock declining in value or becoming worthless.


risks are exacerbated by the fact that we have limited financial and legal resources to effectively defend claims and allegations
in a court of law
 due to the fact that we have a small number of officers
 directors and employees and due to the fact that we
currently have limited cash on hand and have limited funding options available to us.


settlement in principle with the Commission to settle the claims made by the Commission
 which has not yet been formally
approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be approved or accepted. In the event the Company were to have to
pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter described above
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient funding
to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or seek
bankruptcy protection.



    
    




 or consent to a final judgment agreeing to a permanent enjoinment
from violating the Securities Act in future
 it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise funding and create
additional liability for us.


event that we are found to have violated the Securities Act
 or consent to a final judgment agreeing to a permanent enjoinment
from violating the Securities Act in future
 it could cause us to be deemed to be a &lsquo;bad actor&rsquo; under Rule 506 of the
Securities Act and/or disqualified by the requirements of Rule 262 of Regulation A
 which could prevent us from relying on an exemption
from registration for the sale and issuance of securities under Regulation D or A
 respectively. This could make it harder for
us to sell shares privately and negatively affect our ability to raise capital. Additionally
 it is possible that for the following
three years
 we may be unable to avail ourselves of the statutory safe harbor for forward-looking statements under the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As a result
 we may face additional liability for our forward-looking statements. Both
of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flows
 and could cause the value of our securities to
decline in value.

Risks Associated with Our Industry
 Contracts
and Operations

FSHR
can terminate the FSHR License Agreement under certain circumstances.


to the terms and conditions of the FSHR License Agreement
 FSHR can terminate that agreement under certain circumstances
 subject
where applicable and as described in the agreement
 our right to cure such breaches and other events
 including: in the event the
Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar government agency in any country
 territory or possession makes any negative
or unlawful finding regarding our activities. Notwithstanding our categorical denial of the allegations made in the SEC&rsquo;s
November 2015 complaint
&rdquo;
&rdquo;
or we consent to any actions against us by the SEC in connection with the allegations made by the SEC in the November 2015 complaint
&rdquo;
 FSHR can terminate the FSHR License
Agreement.


of the FSHR License Agreement would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and assets
 could force us to scale
back and/or abandon our business operations
 or force us to seek bankruptcy protection and could cause the value of our common
stock to decline in value or become worthless. As we&rsquo;ve stated above
 none of the officers in the Company have been named
in the SEC suit and we believe that we will be found innocent of the charges alleged. Rohan Marley
 our Chairman and founder believes
that the SEC investigation is news from 2011 and that the current management alongside himself has been doing everything in its
power to clean house and build a worldwide coffee company. Something he had envisioned since 1999. He and the Company will continue
to both help the SEC in this matter as well as vigorously defend itself against the allegations made against us by the SEC.

We rely upon key personnel
and if they leave us
 our business plan and results of operations could be adversely affected.


Officer
 Brent Toevs
 our President
 Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer
 Anh Tran
 and the Chairman of our Board
of Directors
 Rohan Marley
 for our success. Their experience and input create the foundation for our business and are responsible
for the directorship and control over our activities. Moving forward
 should we lose the services of these individuals for any
reason
 we will incur costs associated with recruiting a replacement and delays in our operations. If we are unable to replace
such principal with another suitably trained individual or individuals
 we may be forced to scale back or curtail our business
plan and activities. As a result of this
 your investment in us could become devalued or worthless. We currently have an aggregate
of $2 million in Directors&rsquo; and Officers&rsquo; liability insurance in place covering our officers and directors
 provided
that on April 20
 2016
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement and release with one of its officer and director insurance
providers
 pursuant to which among other things
 the provider agreed to buy out the Company&rsquo;s officer and director liability
insurance policy for the period from March 15
 2011 to March 15
 2012 for $400
000
 which the Company expects to receive approximately
30 days after the entry into the settlement. As such
 we currently have no insurance in place covering the period from March 15
2011 to March 15
 2012.



    
    


Actual or perceived conflicts
of interest may exist between us and our Chairman and another related party and supplier.


 our Chairman
 owns
an interest in and serves as a director of Fifty-Six Hope Road with whom we are party to the FSHR License Agreement on which we
are substantially dependent. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively there are licensing fees accrued and
payable of $260
496 and $265
960 to Fifty-Six Hope Road. Additionally
 during the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company
made purchases of $602
191 and $764
598
 respectively
&rdquo;) a producer of Jamaican
Blue Mountain coffee that the Company purchases in the normal course of its business. The Company directs these purchases to third-party
roasters for fulfillment of sales orders. The Company also received $97
796 and $34
348 in rebates from Marley Coffee during the
years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 Rohan Marley
 is an owner of approximately 25%
of the equity of MC.


of interest between the Company
 Mr. Marley
 Fifty-Six Hope Road
 and MC could have an adverse effect on our results of operations
our ability to maintain our relationships with Fifty-Six Hope Road
 and MC
 and may adversely affect the value of our common stock.

We rely on our License Agreement
with Fifty-Six Hope Road Music Limited
 our Roasting Agreement with Mother Parkers Tea &amp; Coffee Inc.
 and various other agreements
and understandings for our operations and revenues.

Item
&rdquo;
 (a) on September 13
 2012
 the Company entered
into a license agreement with an effective date of August 7
 2012 with Fifty-Six Hope Road Music Limited
 pursuant to which Fifty-Six
Hope Road granted the Company a worldwide
 exclusive
&rdquo;
Trademarks in connection with Licensed Products; and (b) we also have an agreement in place with Mother Parkers Tea &amp; Coffee
Inc.
 pursuant to which we provide that entity the exclusive right to market and sell our Marley Coffee RealCups (the MP Agreement).
We also have numerous informal sale arrangements and distribution understandings
 not documented by definitive agreements
 in place
with several coffee distributors
 beverage services and retailers.


moving forward as a result of the sale of coffee bearing the Trademarks
 which we source primarily under the MP Agreement and our
agreement with European Roasterie
 Inc. and which we distribute primarily through the MP Agreement and through other various distribution
understandings. As a result
 if the FSHR License Agreement was to be terminated
 the Roasting Agreement
 or the MP Agreement were
to be terminated or not renewed
 or to a lesser extent
 if our various informal sale arrangements were to be terminated
 our operations
could be adversely effected
 our revenues (if any)
 could be adversely affected and we could be forced to curtail or abandon our
operations
 causing any investment in the Company to decline in value or become worthless.

Competition for coffee products
and coffee brands is intense and could affect our future sales and profitability.


fragmented. Competition in coffee products and brands are increasingly intense as relatively low barriers to entry encourage new
competitors to enter the marketplace. In addition
 we believe that maintaining and developing our brands is important to our success
and the importance of brand recognition may increase to the extent that competitors offer products similar to ours. Many of our
current and potential competitors have substantially greater financial
 marketing and operating resources and access to capital
than we do. Our primary competitors include Starbucks
 Seattle&rsquo;s Best
 Caribou Coffee
 Peet&rsquo;s Coffee
 Keurig Green
Mountain (formerly Green Mountain Coffee Roasters)
 and other companies in the office coffee service and hospitality industry market.
If we do not succeed in effectively differentiating ourselves from our competitors in the coffee industry
 including by developing
and maintaining our brands
 or our competitors adopt our strategies
 then our competitive position may be weakened and our sales
of coffee
 and accordingly our future revenues (if any)
 may be materially adversely affected.



    
    


Our business is dependent
on sales of coffee
 and if demand for coffee decreases
 our business would suffer.


to be generated through the sale of coffee. Demand for coffee is affected by many factors
 including:










National
 regional and local economic and political




Perceptions or concerns about the environmental impact












on consumer demand for coffee
 a shift in consumer preferences away from coffee would harm our business more than if we had more
diversified product offerings. If customer demand for our coffee decreases
 our sales
 if any
 would decrease and we would be materially
adversely affected.

If we are unable to geographically
expand our brand and products
 our growth will be impeded which could result in reduced sales.


among other things
 geographic expansion of our brand and products. Implementation of our expansion strategy is dependent on our
ability to: (a) market our products on a national and economic scale; (b) increase our brand recognition on a national and international
scale; (c) enter into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third party retailers; and (d) manage growth in administrative
overhead and distribution costs likely to result from the planned expansion of our distribution channels. Our sales and profitability
may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully expand our brand and the geographic distribution of our branded products.
In addition
 our expenses could increase and our profits could decrease as we implement our growth strategy.

Since we rely heavily on
common carriers to ship our coffee on a daily basis
 any disruption in their services or increase in shipping costs could adversely
affect our relationship with our customers
 which could result in reduced revenues
 increased operating expenses
 a loss of customers
or reduced profitability.


carriers to deliver coffee to our customers. We have no control over these common carriers and the services provided by them may
be interrupted as a result of labor shortages
 contract disputes and other factors. If we experience an interruption in these services
we may be unable to ship our coffee in a timely manner
 which could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our relationship with
our customers. In addition
 a delay in shipping could require us to contract with alternative
 and possibly more expensive
 common
carriers and could cause orders to be cancelled or receipt of goods to be refused. Any significant increase in shipping costs could
lower our profit margins or force us to raise prices
 which could cause our revenue and profits to suffer.

Damage to our reputation
or brand name
 loss of brand relevance
 product recalls
 product liability
 sales returns and warranty expense could negatively
impact us.


on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of our products
 build our brand image and brand recognition
and maintain our corporate reputation. Our product safety and quality protocols and those of our suppliers may not be adequate
to avoid product recalls
 sales returns or other product liability. Product safety or quality issues
 actual or perceived
 or allegations
of product contamination or safety issues
 even when false or unfounded
 could subject us to product liability and consumer claims
tarnish the image of our brand and may cause consumers to choose other products. Product safety or quality issues or contamination
actual or perceived
 may require us from time to time to recall a product
 which could be costly and resource intensive. Our brand
name and image could also be negatively affected by claims made against us by third parties alleging violations of law
 including
antitrust or competition laws. If we are unable to meet our sustainability targets (if any) or the claims made by us in connection
with our products (including our EcoCup&trade;)
 consumers may lose trust and confidence in our brand and our Company&rsquo;s commitment
to sustainability
 and our brand could be damaged. Such issues
 recalls
 warranty expenses and claims could negatively affect our
profitability and brand image.



    
    


If we fail to continue to
develop and maintain our brand
 our business could suffer


developing our brand is critical to our success and that the importance of brand recognition may increase as a result of competitors
offering products similar to ours. Our brand building initiative involves increasing the availability of our products on the Internet
in grocery stores
 licensed locations and foodservice locations to increase awareness of our brand and create and maintain brand
loyalty. If our brand building initiative is unsuccessful
 we may never recover the expenses incurred in connection with these
efforts and we may be unable to increase our future revenue or implement our business strategy. As part of our brand building initiative
we may revise our packaging or make other changes from time to time. If these changes are not accepted by customers
 our business
could suffer.


our brand will also depend on our ability to provide customers with high quality products and customer service. Although we take
measures to ensure that we sell only high-quality coffee
 we have no control over our coffee products once purchased by customers.
Accordingly
 customers may prepare coffee from our products in a manner inconsistent with our standards
 store our coffee for long
periods of time or resell our coffee without our consent
 which in each case
 potentially affects the quality of the coffee prepared
from our products. If customers do not perceive our products to be of high quality
 then our reputation and the value of our brand
may be diminished and
 consequently
 our ability to implement our business strategy may be adversely affected.

Coffee costs have been very
volatile over the last several years and increases in the cost of high-quality coffee beans could impact the profitability of our
business


 we
have experienced a dramatic increase in the price volatility of the coffee beans we purchase. We expect the coffee commodity market
to continue to be challenging as it continues to be influenced by worldwide supply and demand
 the relative strength of the United
States Dollar and speculative trading. Coffee prices can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries
 including
weather
 natural disasters
 political and economic conditions
 export quotas or similar factors.

Besides coffee
 we face
exposure to other commodity cost fluctuations
 which could impair our profitability


coffee costs discussed above
 we are exposed to cost fluctuation in other commodities
 including milk and fuel. For example
 an
increase in the cost of fuel could indirectly lead to higher electricity costs
 transportation costs and other commodity costs.
An increase in the cost of milk or other products
 including sugar and other sweeteners
 which coffee drinkers use to flavor and
season their coffee could also lead to a decrease in the demand for our products. Much like coffee costs
 the costs of these commodities
depend on various factors beyond our control
 including economic and political conditions
 foreign currency fluctuations and global
weather patterns. To the extent that we are unable to pass along such costs to our customers through price increases
 our margins
and profitability will decrease.

Changes in the coffee environment
and retail landscape could impact our financial results.


evolving as a result of
 among other things
 changes in consumer preferences; shifting consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer
lifestyles; and competitive product and pricing pressures. In addition
 the beverage retail landscape is very dynamic and constantly
evolving
 not only in emerging and developing marketplaces
 where modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade
outlets
 but also in developed marketplaces
 where discounters and value stores
 as well as the volume of transactions through
e-commerce
 are growing at a rapid pace. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing environment and retail
landscape
 our share of sales
 volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.



    
    


Consolidation in the retail
channel or the loss of key retail or grocery customers could adversely affect our financial performance.


by the trend toward consolidation in the retail channel. Larger retailers may seek lower prices from us and may demand increased
marketing or promotional expenditures
 any of which could negatively affect the Company&rsquo;s profitability. In addition
 our
success depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail and grocery customers. The loss of one or
more of our key customers could have an adverse effect on our financial performance.


 because of the competitive
environment facing retailers
 many of our customers have increasingly sought to improve their profitability through increased promotional
programs
 pricing concessions
 more favorable trade terms and increased emphasis on private label products. To the extent we provide
concessions or trade terms that are favorable to customers
 our margins would be reduced. Further
 if we are unable to continue
to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers or our customers determine that they need fewer products to service
consumers; these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from our competitors
 which
would harm our sales and profitability.

Climate change may have
a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.


a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in
the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity
of natural disasters. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns
may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities
 such as coffee and tea
 which are important sources
of ingredients for our products
 and could impact the food security of communities around the world. Increased frequency or duration
of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities
 disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products.
As a result
 the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

We cannot predict the impact
that the following may have on our business: (i) new or improved technologies
 (ii) alternative methods of delivery
 or (iii) changes
in consumer behavior facilitated by these technologies and alternative methods of delivery.


methods of delivery
 including advances in vending machine technology and home coffee makers
 or certain changes in consumer behavior
driven by these or other technologies and methods of delivery could have a negative effect on our business. Moreover
 technology
and consumer offerings continue to develop
 and we expect that new or enhanced technologies and consumer offerings will be available
in the future. We may pursue certain of those technologies and consumer offerings if we believe they offer a sustainable customer
proposition and can be successfully integrated into our business model. However
 we cannot predict consumer acceptance of these
delivery channels or their impact on our business. In addition
 our competitors
 many of whom have greater resources than us
 may
be able to benefit from changes in technologies or consumer acceptance of alternative methods of delivery
 which could harm our
competitive position. We may not be able to successfully respond to changing consumer preferences
 including with respect to new
technologies and alternative methods of delivery
 or effectively adjust our product mix
 service offerings
 and marketing and merchandising
initiatives for products and services that address
 and anticipate advances in
 technology and market trends. If we are not able
to successfully respond to these challenges
 our business
 financial condition
 and operating results could be harmed.

Adverse public or medical
opinion about caffeine may harm our business


amounts of caffeine and other active compounds
 the health effects of some of which are not fully understood. A number of research
studies conclude or suggest that excessive consumption of caffeine may lead to increased heart rate
 nausea and vomiting
 restlessness
and anxiety
 depression
 headaches
 tremors
 sleeplessness and other adverse health effects. An unfavorable report on the health
effects of caffeine or other compounds present in coffee could significantly reduce the demand for coffee
 which could harm our
business and reduce our sales and profits. Also
 we could become subject to litigation relating to the existence of such compounds
in our coffee; any such litigation could be costly and could divert management attention.



    
    


Adverse publicity
regarding product quality or food and beverage safety
 whether or not accurate
 may harm our business


of complaints or litigation from customers alleging beverage and food-related illnesses or other quality
 health or operational
concerns. Adverse publicity resulting from such allegations may materially adversely affect us
 regardless of whether such allegations
are true or whether we are ultimately held liable. In addition
 any litigation relating to such allegations could be costly and
could divert management attention.

Failure to comply
with applicable laws and regulations could harm our business and financial results.


are designed to comply with all applicable laws
 accounting and reporting requirements
 tax rules and other regulations and requirements
including those imposed by the SEC
 as well as applicable trade
 labor
 healthcare
 privacy
 food
 anti-bribery and corruption
and merchandise laws. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance are both
increasing due to additional or changing legal and regulatory requirements
 our ongoing expansion into new markets and new channels
together with the fact that foreign laws occasionally conflict with domestic laws. In addition to potential damage to our reputation
and brand
 failure to comply with the various laws and regulations as well as changes in laws and regulations or the manner in
which they are interpreted or applied
 may result in civil and criminal liability
 damages
 fines and penalties
 increased cost
of regulatory compliance and restatements of our financial statements. Future laws or regulations (or the cost of complying with
such laws
 regulations or requirements) could also adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Adverse changes
in global and domestic economic conditions or a worsening of the United States economy could materially adversely affect us.


depend significantly on consumer confidence and discretionary spending
 which are still under pressure from United States and global
economic conditions. A worsening of the economic downturn and decrease in consumer spending may adversely impact our sales
 ability
to market our products
 build customer loyalty
 or otherwise implement our business strategy and further diversify the geographical
concentration of our operations. For example
 we are highly dependent on consumer demand for specialty coffee and a shift in consumer
demand away from specialty coffee due to economic or other consumer preferences would harm our business.

We believe that
our future success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain protection of our intellectual property and brand
names.


in part on our ability to maintain and enforce the Trademarks we license through the FSHR License Agreement (described above) and
additional trademarks and service marks we may obtain in the future (together with the Trademarks
&rdquo;)
registered by the Company. In the future
 competitors or other third parties could claim that the Marks infringe on their rights
which could force us to defend infringement actions or challenge the validity of the third parties&rsquo; trademarks in court.
Furthermore
 we may have to take action
 file lawsuits and expend significant resources in the future to protect the Marks and
stop other parties from infringing on the use of such Marks and we may not have sufficient resources to pursue such litigation
or actions. Any expenses we are forced to expend in defending our Marks or stopping third parties from infringing on such Marks
will decrease the amount of working capital we have available for our business activities and could cause us to curtail or abandon
our operations.

Risks Associated with Our Outstanding
Convertible Notes

We
have various outstanding convertible notes which are convertible into shares of our common stock at a discount to market.



Funding and
Financing Agreements
 we sold various convertible promissory notes from September 2015 to March 2016. The conversion
prices of the convertible notes initially vary from between 60% to 65% of the market value of our common stock
 subject in many
cases to anti-dilution and other rights which may result in such conversion prices declining. As a result
 any conversion of the
convertible notes and sale of shares of common stock issuable in connection with the conversion thereof may cause the value of
our common stock to decline in value
 as described in greater detail under the Risk Factors below. Notwithstanding the above
we hope to repay the convertible notes in full before any conversions take place.



    
    


The
issuance and sale of common stock upon conversion of the convertible notes may depress the market price of our common stock.


sequential conversions of the convertible notes and sales of such converted shares take place
 the price of our common stock may
decline
 and as a result
 the holders of the convertible notes will be entitled to receive an increasing number of shares in connection
with conversions
 which shares could then be sold in the market
 triggering further price declines and conversions for even larger
numbers of shares
 to the detriment of our investors. The shares of common stock which the convertible notes are convertible into
may be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144. As a result
 the sale of these shares may adversely affect the market price
if any
 of our common stock.


addition
 the common stock issuable upon conversion of the convertible notes may represent overhang that may also adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. Overhang occurs when there is a greater supply of a company&rsquo;s stock in the market than
there is demand for that stock. When this happens the price of the company&rsquo;s stock will decrease
 and any additional shares
which shareholders attempt to sell in the market will only further decrease the share price. The convertible notes will be convertible
into shares of our common stock at a discount to market as described above
 and such discount to market provides the holders with
the ability to sell their common stock at or below market and still make a profit. In the event of such overhang
 the note holders
will have an incentive to sell their common stock as quickly as possible. If the share volume of our common stock cannot absorb
the discounted shares
 then the value of our common stock will likely decrease. Notwithstanding the above
 we hope to repay the
convertible notes in full before any conversions take place.

The
issuance of common stock upon conversion of the convertible notes will cause immediate and substantial dilution.


issuance of common stock upon conversion of the convertible notes will result in immediate and substantial dilution to the interests
of other stockholders since the holders of the convertible notes may ultimately receive and sell the full amount of shares issuable
in connection with the conversion of such convertible notes. Although certain of the convertible notes may not be converted if
such conversion would cause the holders thereof to own more than 4.99% or 9.99% of our outstanding common stock
 this restriction
does not prevent the holders of the convertible notes subject to such restrictions from converting some of their holdings
 selling
those shares
 and then converting the rest of its holdings
 while still staying below the 4.99%/9.99% limit. In this way
 the holders
of the convertible notes could sell more than any applicable ownership limit while never actually holding more shares than the
applicable limits allow. If the holders of the convertible notes choose to do this
 it will cause substantial dilution to the then
holders of our common stock. Notwithstanding the above
 we hope to repay the convertible notes in full before any conversions take
place.

The
continuously adjustable conversion price feature of the convertible notes could require us to issue a substantially greater number
of shares
 which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and cause dilution to our existing stockholders.


existing stockholders will experience substantial dilution upon any conversion of the convertible notes. The convertible notes
are convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to a discount to the market value of our common stock as
described above. As a result
 the number of shares issuable could prove to be significantly greater in the event of a decrease
in the trading price of our common stock
 which decrease would cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. As sequential
conversions and sales take place
 the price of our common stock may decline
 and if so
 the holders of the convertible notes would
be entitled to receive an increasing number of shares
 which could then be sold
 triggering further price declines and conversions
for even larger numbers of shares
 which would cause additional dilution to our existing stockholders and would likely cause the
value of our common stock to decline.



    
    



We
could face significant penalties for our failure to comply with the terms of our outstanding convertible notes.



Funding and
Financing Agreements
 we sold various convertible promissory notes from September 2015 to March 2016. The various notes
contain positive and negative covenants and customary events of default including requiring us in many cases to timely file SEC
reports. Some of our SEC reports have not been filed on a timely basis to date and in the event we fail to timely file our SEC
reports in the future
 or any other events of defaults occur under the notes
 we could face significant penalties and/or liquidated
damages and/or the conversion price of such notes could be adjusted downward significantly
 all of which could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition
 or cause any investment in the Company to decline in value
or become worthless.

We
currently owe a significant amount of money under our outstanding convertible notes.


of the date of this filing we owed approximately $1.0 million under the outstanding convertible promissory notes
 net of discount
and $778
951 for conversion feature &ndash; derivative liability

&rdquo;
&rdquo;. We do not have sufficient funds to repay such notes and if we are
unable to raise additional funds in the future to repay such amounts
 which may not be available on favorable terms
 if at all
such failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations and cause any investment
in the Company to decline in value or become worthless.



Shareholders may
be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through the issuance of additional shares
of our common stock.


 our
Board of Directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances
 we believe that the non-cash
consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock or where shares are to be issued to our officers
 directors
and applicable consultants
 free trading shares pursuant to our Form S-8 registration statements. Our Board of Directors has authority
without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of common stock. In addition
we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock
 possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result
in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders
 which may further dilute common stock book value
 and that dilution
may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing management&rsquo;s ability to maintain control of the Company
because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management.

The British Columbia
Securities Commission has issued a cease trade order affecting the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


not comply with certain Canadian securities filings requirements
 the Company&rsquo;s common stock is not eligible to be traded
in British Columbia and is subject to a Cease Trade Order. At this stage in the Company&rsquo;s development
 the Company has determined
to invest its resources in other aspects of its business rather than incurring the significant expense to regain compliance with
the British Columbia Securities Commission requirements. The cease trade order or the fact that British Columbia has issued the
cease trade order may have a negative effect on our securities which may cause them to decline in value or be worth less than a
similar company which is not subject to the cease trade order.



    
    


We face a risk of
a change in control due to the fact that our current officers and directors do not own a majority of our outstanding voting stock.


our directors do not hold voting control over the Company. As a result
 our shareholders who are not officers and directors of
us may be able to obtain a sufficient number of votes to choose who serves on our Board of Directors and/or to remove our current
directors from the Board of Directors. Because of this
 the current composition of our Board of Directors may change in the future
which could in turn have an effect on those individuals who currently serve in management positions with us. If that were to happen
our new management could affect a change in our business focus and/or curtail or abandon our business operations
 which in turn
could cause the value of our securities
 if any
 to decline or become worthless.

There is currently
a volatile
 sporadic and illiquid market for our common stock.




 we currently have a volatile
 sporadic and illiquid market
for our common stock
 which is subject to wide fluctuations in response to several factors
 including
 but not limited to:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 our stock
price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations
as well as general economic
 political and market conditions
 such as recessions
 interest rates or international currency fluctuations
may adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock.


 the Company
may undertake steps to uplist its common stock to the NYSE MKT or NASDAQ Capital Market
 in the event the Company can meet all
applicable uplisting criteria.

Investors may face
significant restrictions on the resale of our common stock due to federal regulations of &ldquo;


requirements of Rule 15(g)9
 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 as long as the price of our common stock is below $5.00 per share.
Under such rule
 broker-dealers who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors must satisfy special sales practice requirements
 including a requirement that they make an individualized written suitability
determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s consent prior to the transaction. The Securities Enforcement
Remedies and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990
 also requires additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a stock
defined as a penny stock. Generally
 the SEC defines a penny stock as any equity security not traded on an exchange or quoted on
NASDAQ that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share. The required penny stock disclosures include the delivery
 prior to
any transaction
 of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with it. Such requirements
could severely limit the market liquidity of the securities and the ability of purchasers to sell their securities in the secondary
market.

The exercise of
the Mother Parkers Warrant may cause significant dilution to existing shareholders.


7
333
529 shares of common stock held by Mother Parkers have an exercise price of $0.51135 per share
 a term of three years (expiring
April 24
 2017) and prohibit Mother Parkers from exercising such Warrants to the extent such exercise would result in the beneficial
ownership of more than 9.99% of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 subject to Mother Parkers&rsquo; right to waive such limitation
with 61 days prior written notice. The exercise of the Warrant could cause substantial dilution to existing shareholders.



    
    


We currently have
no plans to pay dividends on our common stock.


that we will retain all future earnings
 if any
 to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends will depend upon our financial condition
 capital requirements
earnings and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. As a result
 only appreciation of the price of our common
stock
 which may not occur
 will provide a return to our stockholders.

There may be future
sales of our common stock
 which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and dilute a shareholder&rsquo;s ownership
of common stock.


granted to executive officers
 directors and other employees under our equity compensation plans
 and other issuances of our common
stock could have an adverse effect on the market price of the shares of our common stock. We are not restricted from issuing additional
shares of common stock
 including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for
 or that represent the right to
receive shares of common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception
that such sales might occur could materially adversely affect the market price of the shares of our common stock. Because our decision
to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control
 we cannot predict
or estimate the amount
 timing or nature of our future offerings.

Risks Related to Our Status as a Public
Company

Because
we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures
 our stockholders have
limited protections against interested director transactions
 conflicts of interest and similar matters.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC
 the New York and NYSE MKT Exchanges and the
Nasdaq Stock Market
 as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley
 require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance.
These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities
that are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many of the
corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance
any sooner than legally required
 we have not yet adopted these measures.

Because
our Directors are not independent directors
 we do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. As a result
our Directors have the ability to
 among other things
 determine their own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate
governance measures
 regardless of whether such compliance is required
 the absence of such standards of corporate governance may
leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions
 conflicts of interest
 if any
 and similar
matters and any potential investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations.

We
intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However
 we may
find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers
 Directors and members of board committees required
to provide for our effective management as a result of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of Directors
and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly
 or
deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles.




    
    



We have reported
several material weaknesses in the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
 and if we cannot maintain effective
internal controls or provide reliable financial and other information
 investors may lose confidence in our SEC reports.


in the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting related to the lack of segregation of duties and the need
for a stronger internal control environment. In addition
 we concluded&nbsp;that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective
and that material weaknesses existed in connection with such internal controls.&nbsp;Specifically
 management identified the following
control deficiencies that represent material weaknesses at January 31
 2016:



    
    
    




    
    
    



 we have remediated
the following prior year material weaknesses:


inadequate segregation of duties due to limited number
of personnel




insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting




 we added
sufficient personnel in our finance/accounting department with specific responsibilities to provide checks and balances to achieve
proper segregation of duties. We also improved the completeness and quality of documentation for our internal control processes
over financial reporting.


over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and
the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 or GAAP. Disclosure
controls generally include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
we file with the SEC is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules
and forms.


over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to provide reliable financial and other reports
and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot maintain effective internal controls or provide reliable financial or SEC reports or
prevent fraud
 investors may lose confidence in our SEC reports
 our operating results and the trading price of our common stock
could suffer and we might become subject to litigation.

Because we are a
small company
 the requirements of being a public company
 including compliance with the reporting requirements of the&nbsp;Exchange
Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act
 may strain our resources
 increase our costs and distract
management
 and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner.


listed equity securities
 we must comply with the federal securities laws
 rules and regulations
 including certain corporate governance
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act
 related rules and regulations of
the SEC
 with which a private company is not required to comply. Complying with these laws
 rules and regulations will occupy a
significant amount of time of our sole director and management and will significantly increase our costs and expenses
 which we
cannot estimate accurately at this time. Among other things
 we must:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    

 such as those relating to disclosure controls and procedures and insider trading in our common stock;




    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 being a public
company subject to these rules and regulations may require us to accept less director and officer liability insurance coverage
than we desire or to incur substantial costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors.








 2013
 and
effective August 1
 2013
 we entered into a lease agreement for office space located at 4730 Tejon Street
 Denver
 Colorado 80211.
The office space encompasses approximately 4
800 square feet. The lease has a term of 36 months expiring on July 31
 2016
 provided
that we have two additional three year options to renew the lease after the end of the initial term. Rent during the first three
year option period escalates at the rate of 4% per year (starting with the last monthly rental cost of the initial term of the
agreement
 described below)
 and rent during the second three year option period will be at a rental cost mutually agreed by the
Company and the landlord. Rent due under the initial term of the agreement is as follows:



    
    

858 per month from August 1
 2013 to July 31
 2014;

    
    

172 per month from August 1
 2014 to July 31
 2015; and

    
    

499 per month from August 1
 2015 to July 31
 2016.



to renew this lease for an additional three year term
 which option we have exercised as of the date of this annual report
 and
which three year renewal term provides for rent as follows:



    
    
    
839 per month from August 1
 2016 to July 31
 2017;

    
    
    
192 per month from August 1
 2017 to July 31
 2018; and

    
    
    
560 per month from August 1
 2018 to July 31
 2019.



 we have the option
to extend the lease for an additional three year term
 through July 21
 2022
 with a rental cost per month negotiated in good faith
by the parties based on then-current market rates
 provided that we provide notice of our intent to extend such lease at least
120 days prior to the end of the then term.


 2014
 the
Company entered into a lease agreement for office and warehouse space located at 4725-4745 Lipan St
 Denver
 Colorado 80211. The
rental space encompasses approximately 3
466 square feet of office and warehouse space and approximately a 4
000 square foot yard.
The lease expires on June 30
 2017
 provided we have the right to one five year renewal term

value



    
    

 2014 to June 30
 2014;

    
    

800 per month from July 1
 2014 to June 30
 2015;

    
    

950 per month from July 1
 2015 to June 30
 2016; and

    
    

150 per month from July 1
 2016 to June 30
 2017.



were sold during 2015
 and the purchaser currently pays the monthly rental cost due under such lease
 provided that the Company
remains legally obligated under such lease pursuant to its terms.


 2014
 the
Company entered into a lease agreement for retail space located at 1536 Wynkoop
 Denver
 Colorado 80202. The rental space encompasses
approximately 121 square feet which we use as a Bike Caf&eacute; Kiosk. The lease has a term of 60 months. Rent is $1
500 per month
for the first year
 increasing with the annual increase in the consumer price index thereafter on the annual anniversary date of
the lease.



    
    





time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course
of our business.


July 28
 2014
 Shane Whittle
 individually
&rdquo;)
filed a complaint against the Company in the District Court
 City and County of Denver
 State of Colorado (Case No. 2014-CV-032991
Division: 209). The complaint alleged that Whittle entered into a consulting agreement with the Company for which the Company failed
to make payments and that Rohan Marley
 as both a director of the Company and of Marley Coffee Canada
 Inc.
 additionally agreed
that
 as part of Whittle&rsquo;s consulting compensation
 the Company would assume a debt owed by Marley Coffee Canada to Whittle.
The cause of action set forth in the complaint includes breach of contract. Damages claimed by Whittle included $60
000 under the
consulting agreement and $19
715 related to payments assumed by the Company.


on March 31
 2015
&rdquo;)
pursuant to which the parties agreed to dismiss their claims associated with the District Court
 City and County of Denver
 State
of Colorado (Case No. 2014-CV-032991 Division: 209)
 lawsuit described above. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement
 the Company
agreed to pay Mr. Whittle $80
000 which was accrued as of January 31
 2015 (to be paid in equal payments of $10
000 per month beginning
on April 1
 2015
 of which $10
000 is in default)
 the Company agreed to withdraw from a joinder in connection with the Federal
Action pending between the parties (and certain other parties) as described below
 the parties provided each other mutual releases
and the parties agreed to mutually dismiss
 with prejudice
 their claims.


September 30
 2014
 Whittle individually
&rdquo;) filed a
complaint against Rohan Marley
 Cedella Marley
 the Company
 Hope Road Merchandising
 LLC
 Fifty-Six Hope Road Music Limited
 and
Marley Coffee Estate Limited in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado (Civil Action No. 2014-CV-2680).


complaint alleges that Whittle entered into a partnership with Rohan Marley
 the son of the late reggae music legend Robert Nesta
Marley p/k/a Bob Marley
 to sell premium coffee products branded after the name and likeness of Rohan Marley. The causes of action
set forth in the complaint include
 among others
 racketeering activity
 trademark infringement
 breach of fiduciary duty
 civil
theft
 and civil conspiracy (some of which causes of action are not directly alleged against the Company)
 which are alleged to
have directly caused Whittle and Marley Coffee LLC substantial financial harm.


claimed by Whittle and MC LLC include economic damages to be proven at trial
 profits made by defendants
 treble damages
 punitive
damages
 attorneys&rsquo; fees and pre and post judgment interest.

Subsequently
all but the civil conspiracy claim against the Company was dismissed and the court ordered Whittle to amend his complaint to provide
only for an alleged claim of breach of fiduciary duty (not against the Company) and conspiracy claims as an individual (not on
a derivative basis). Prior to the filing of this report
 Mr. Whittle and the Company agreed in principle to settlement terms
 provided
the parties are still negotiating the final terms of such settlement. Notwithstanding the parties&rsquo; agreement in principle
the outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any degree of reasonable certainty. In the event the matter is not settled
the Company intends to continue to vigorously defend itself against Whittle&rsquo;s and MC LLC&rsquo;s claims.


December 15
 2014
 a complaint was filed against the Company in the Superior Court of State of California
 for the County of Los
Angeles &ndash; Central Division (Case Number: BC566749)
 pursuant to which Sky Consulting Group
&rdquo;)
made various claims against the Company
 Mr. Tran
 the Company&rsquo;s President and Director
 C&amp;V International
 and various
other parties. The complaint alleged causes of action for breach of contract
 fraud
 negligent representation
 intentional interference
with contractual relationship and negligent interference with contractual relationship
 relating to a May 2013 coffee distributor
agreement between the Company and Sky
 which provided Sky the right to sell Company branded coffee products in Korea. The suit
seeks damages
 punitive damages
 court costs and attorney&rsquo;s fees. The Company subsequently filed a motion to compel arbitration
pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 which was approved by the court on April 7
 2015. The parties subsequently entered arbitration
in connection with the lawsuit. On September 8
 2015
 the parties entered into a mutual settlement and release agreement
 whereby
Sky agreed to return 130
480 shares of common stock to the Company and stop distributing our products
 displaying our tradenames
or using our intellectual property; the parties agreed to each dismiss their claims/lawsuits; and each party provided the other
a general release of all outstanding claims. The shares were returned to the Company and cancelled and the proceedings were dismissed
on December 16
 2015.



    
    



November 17
 2015
 the SEC filed a complaint against us (Case 2:15-cv-08921) in the United States District Court Central
District of California Western Division. Also included as defendants in the complaint were Shane G. Whittle (our former Chief
Executive Officer and Director) and parties unrelated to us
 Wayne S. P. Weaver
 Michael K. Sun
 Rene Berlinger
 Stephen B.
Wheatley
 Kevin P. Miller
 Mohammed A. Al-Barwani
 Alexander J. Hunter
 and Thomas E. Hunter (collectively
 the
&rdquo;). Pursuant to the complaint

and dump
involved utilizing our July 2009 reverse merger transaction to secretly gain control of millions of our shares
 spreading the
stock to offshore entities
 and dumping the shares on the unsuspecting public after the stock price soared following
fraudulent promotional campaigns undertaken by Mr. Whittle and certain other of the Defendants in or around 2011. The
complaint also alleges that to boost our stock price and provide cash to the Company
 Mr. Whittle and certain other of the
Defendants orchestrated a sham financing arrangement designed to create the false appearance of legitimate third-party
interest and investment in the Company through a non-existent entity
 Straight Path Capital
 pursuant to which we raised
approximately $2.5 million through the sale of 6.25 million shares of common stock in 2011. The SEC also alleges that Mr.
Whittle and others caused us to make public announcements which caused our stock price to rise
 which helped facilitate the
alleged frauds among other allegations spelled out more completely in the complaint. The SEC&rsquo;s complaint charges us
Mr. Whittle
 Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 Mr. Berlinger
 Mr. Wheatley
 Mr. Miller
 and Mr. Al-Barwani with conducting an illegal
offering in violation of Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act. The complaint further alleges that Mr. Whittle
 Mr.
Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 Mr. Berlinger
 and the Hunters violated Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5
 and Mr. Whittle
Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 and Mr. Berlinger violated Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13d-1 and 13d-2 thereunder. Mr.
Whittle is additionally charged with violating Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 16a-3
 and the Hunters are charged
with violations of Sections 17(b) of the Securities Act
 which prohibits fraudulent touting of stock. The SEC is seeking
injunctions
 disgorgement
 prejudgment interest
 and penalties as well as penny stock bars against all of the individual
Defendants and an officer-and-director bar against Mr. Whittle. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the
Commission to settle the claims made by the Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the
Commission to date
 and may not be approved or accepted. In the event the Company were to have to pay significant fines or
disgorgement in the matter described above
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient funding to pay such fines or
disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or seek bankruptcy
protection.


addition to the above
 we may become involved in other material legal proceedings in the future.







    
    







ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.




on the OTCQB market under the symbol &ldquo;


forth the high and low trading prices of one (1) share of our common stock for each fiscal quarter over the past two fiscal years.
The quotations provided are for the over the counter market
 which reflect interdealer prices without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commissions
 and may not represent actual transactions. Our common stock trades on a limited
 sporadic and volatile basis.&nbsp;
&nbsp;


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

April
    30
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

January
    31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

October
    31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

April
    30
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2016
there were 130
134
439 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by 24 shareholders of record. This number does
&rdquo;. This
number does not include 250
000 shares which were agreed to be issued in March 2016 and which the Company plans to issue
shortly after May 3
 2016.


not comply with certain Canadian securities filings requirements
 the Company&rsquo;s common stock is not eligible to be traded
in British Columbia and is subject to a Cease Trade Order. At this stage in the Company&rsquo;s development
 the Company has determined
to invest its resources in other aspects of its business rather than incurring the significant expense to regain compliance with
the British Columbia Securities Commission requirements.




or paid any cash dividends on our common stock
 and we do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain all earnings
 if any
 for the foreseeable future for use in the operation of our business and to fund
future growth of our business.



    
    




In
September 2015
 we sold the JSJ Convertible Note
 the Typenex Convertible Note
 the JMJ Convertible Note and the Vis Vires Convertible
Note. Each of such notes is convertible into our common stock at a discount to the trading price of our common stock as described
Part II&rdquo; &ndash; &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Funding
. We claim an exemption from registration for the issuances
and sales of such convertible notes pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act
 since the
foregoing issuances did not involve a public offering
&rdquo;; and/or
(b) had access to similar documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement under the Securities Act
the recipients acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view towards
 or for resale in connection with
 the public
sale or distribution thereof. The securities were offered without any general solicitation by us or our representatives. No underwriters
or agents were involved in the foregoing issuances and grant and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities
sold are subject to transfer restrictions
 and the certificates evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend stating
that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant
to an exemption therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered or
sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state
securities laws.

Part
&rdquo;
&rdquo;
 on
March 1
 2016
 we entered into the JSJ side letter agreement which amended the terms of the JSJ Note as discussed above. To the
extent such transaction is deemed the offer or sale of unregistered equity securities
 we plan to claim an exemption from registration
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act
 since the foregoing did not involve a public
offering
&rdquo;; and/or (ii) had access to similar documentation and
information as would be required in a Registration Statement under the Securities Act
 and the recipient acquired the securities
for investment only and not with a view towards
 or for resale in connection with
 the public sale or distribution thereof. The
securities were offered without any general solicitation by us or our representatives. No underwriters or agents were involved
in the foregoing issuance and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities are subject to transfer restrictions
and the certificates evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered
under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The securities
were not registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

Part
&rdquo;
&rdquo;
 on
March 8
 2016 and March 15
 2016
 we sold Duck Duck the Duck Duck Notes. The notes are convertible into our common stock at a
discount to the trading price of our common stock as described in greater detail above. We also agreed pursuant to the March 15
2016 Duck Duck Note to issue Duck Duck 250
000 restricted shares of common stock. We claim an exemption from registration for
the issuance of such convertible notes and shares pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities
Act
 since the foregoing issuances did not involve a public offering
&rdquo;;
and/or (ii) had access to similar documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement under the Securities
Act
 and the recipient acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view towards
 or for resale in connection with
the public sale or distribution thereof. The securities were offered without any general solicitation by us or our representatives.
No underwriters or agents were involved in the foregoing issuance and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities
sold are subject to transfer restrictions
 and the certificates evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend stating
that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant
to an exemption therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws.&nbsp;




    
    


Part
&rdquo;
&rdquo;
 on
March 13
 2016
 we sold Vis Vires the Vis Vires Convertible Note. The note is convertible into our common stock at a discount to
the trading price of our common stock as described in greater detail above. We claim an exemption from registration for the issuance
of such convertible note pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act
 since the foregoing
issuance did not involve a public offering
&rdquo;; and/or (ii) had
access to similar documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement under the Securities Act
 and
the recipient acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view towards
 or for resale in connection with
 the public
sale or distribution thereof. The securities were offered without any general solicitation by us or our representatives. No underwriters
or agents were involved in the foregoing issuance and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities sold are
subject to transfer restrictions
 and the certificates evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such
securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to
an exemption therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered or sold
in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities
laws.


Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
&rdquo;
on March 11
 2016
 our Board of Directors approved the re-pricing of stock options to purchase an aggregate of 6 million shares
of our common stock (2 million each to each of our executive officers and Chairman). To the extent such re-pricings constituted
the offer and sale of securities
 we believe that such transactions were exempt from registration pursuant to (a) Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act; and/or (b) Rule 506 of the Securities Act
 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. With respect to the
transactions described above
 no general solicitation was made either by us or by any person acting on our behalf. The transactions
were all privately negotiated
 and none involved any kind of public solicitation. No underwriters or agents were involved in the
foregoing grants and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities sold are subject to transfer restrictions
and the certificates evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered
under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. All recipients
were officers and directors of the Company.

Use of Proceeds From Sale of Registered
Securities



Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities







ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.



You should read the
following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our Financial Statement and related Notes thereto included in Part II
 Item
&rdquo; included in Part I
 Item IA of this Report
 before deciding to purchase
hold or sell our common stock.




fiscal 2016
 the Company issued shares of common stock as partial consideration for services rendered to its officers
 directors
and employees in an effort to maximize its cash on hand and improve liquidity. During the remainder of fiscal 2017
 the Company
plans to pay the salaries of its officers and employees in cash
 provided that where possible
 the Company intends to continue
to use common stock in lieu of cash consideration
 and has continued to pay certain of its employees in stock instead of cash during
fiscal 2017. As the Company continues to grow it will need to raise additional cash in order to maintain its growth and fund its
operations. If the Company is unable to access additional capital moving forward
 it will hurt our ability to maintain growth and
possibly jeopardize our ability to maintain our current operations. We may not be able to increase sales
 reduce expenses or obtain
additional financing
 if necessary
 at a level to meet our current obligations to continue as a going concern.



    
    




Company is focused on growing revenue while working to lower cost of sales and operating expenses
 with the ultimate goal of generating
net income.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

 which are domestic

    





around our three pillars of growth
 which are domestic
 international and ecommerce.



    
    

500 grocery stores in the United States.

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    

 Chile and the United Kingdom.




    
    
    





    
    
    




Comparison of the Years Ended January
31
 2016 and 2015

. Revenue
for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $12
312
620 and $9
569
791
 respectively
 which represents an increase of $2
742
849
or 29% from the previous period. Revenue increased as a result of the Company&rsquo;s continued expansion into the retail grocery
market and its continued growth of international and online sales.

.
Discounts and allowances for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
114
015 and $668
424
 respectively
 which represents
an increase of $445
591 or 67% from the previous period. Discounts and allowances increased as a result of the corresponding increase
in sales
 discounts given to international customers
 and promotions to clear out old inventory as we released the recyclable real
cup in 2015.



    
    


. Net
revenue for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $11
198
605 and $8
901
367
 respectively
 which represents an increase
of $2
297
238 or 26% from the previous period.

.
Total cost of sales for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $8
025
368 and $6
955
321
 respectively
 which represents
an increase of $1
070
047 or 15% from the previous period. The increase in total cost of sales was mainly the result of the 29%
increase in sales
 offset by a decrease in cost of goods from our roasters as we negotiated better prices during the year ended
January 31
 2016 as compared to the prior year&rsquo;s period.

. Gross
profit was $3
173
237 and $1
946
046
 respectively
 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 which represents an increase
of $1
227
191 or 63% from the prior period. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 28% and 22% for the years ended January
31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Gross profit increased as a result of the reduction in cost of goods and better management of
general and administrative and marketing expenses.

.
Compensation and benefits expense was $3
708
352 and $4
465
889
 respectively
 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 which
represents a decrease of $757
537 or 17% from the prior period. The decrease was mostly the result of the reduction in employees
and non-cash compensation in the fourth quarter. Total compensation and benefits of $3
708
352 for the year ended January 31
 2016
included $1
874
606 paid in cash and $1
833
746 paid through the issuance of securities (including $1
713
764 attributable to stock
options granted
 $105
834 of year-end bonuses
 and $95
854 of salaries paid through the issuance of common stock to employees and
executive management).

.
Selling and marketing expense for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $2
688
117 and $3
150
274
 respectively
 which
represents a decrease of $462
157 or 15% from the previous period. The decrease was principally the result of a reduction in advertising
campaigns undertaken in new markets during 2016. As our business has developed
 our customer base has increased and sales have
grown more organically. We anticipate
 however
 experiencing significant marketing expenses throughout fiscal 2017 as we will seek
to expand our customer base even more and build out the Company brand.

.
General and administrative expense for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
594
808 and $2
807
296
 respectively
 which
represents a decrease of $1
212
488 or 43% from the previous period. The decrease was principally the result of reduction in expansion
of the business and reduced professional fees and payroll. General and administrative expense also decreased due to decreased corporate
reporting expenses legal fees
 and office supply expenses.

.
Total operating expenses for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $7
991
277 and $10
423
459
 respectively
 which represents
a decrease of $2
432
182 or 23% from the previous period. This increase was in connection with decreased compensation
 marketing
and selling and general administrative expenses.

Other
expense for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $225
783 and $1
799
543 respectively
 which represents a decrease of
$1
573
760 or 87% from the previous period. Other expense decreased as a result of our costs associated with the Ironridge Global
IV
&rdquo;) transactions being finalized and completed (which included derivative accounting issues)
offset by the change in fair value of derivative liabilities.

Interest
expense for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $150
298 and $4
029
 respectively
 which represents an increase of $146
269
or 3
630% from the previous period. The increase in interest expense was due to funding arrangements and derivative liabilities
entered into during the end of FY2016.

Total other expense.

 2016 and 2015 was $383
877 and $1
803
572
 respectively
 which represents
a decrease of $1
419
695 or 79% from the previous period. Other expense decreased as a result of our costs associated with the
Ironridge transactions being finalized and completed (which included derivative accounting issues)
 in 2015
 offset by the change
in fair value of derivative liabilities as of January 31
 2016.



    
    


Net loss
was $5
201
917 and $10
280
985
 respectively
 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 which represents a decrease of $5
079
068
or 49%. Net loss decreased mainly as a result of the $2.4 million decrease in operating expenses which includes compensation
 selling
and marketing
 and general and administrative expense
 $1.5 million decrease in other expense
 and the $1.2 million increase in
gross profit for the year ended January 31
 2016.



    



 we released
a Current Report on Form 8-K which included an unaudited preliminary financial forecast of our expected results of operations for
fiscal 2016. In the Form 8-K
 we forecasted gross revenues of approximately $12.3 million
 a net of $11.2 million
 and a gross
profit of approximately $3.1 million and a net loss of approximately $1.6 million for the 2016 fourth quarter. The final audited
financial statements included herein have almost no variance on the gross profit and net income compared to the projections released
on February 10
 2016. We made adjustments during the year-end audit process related to stock compensation and the gain loss on
derivatives making the final net loss for fourth quarter $1.5 million and for the fiscal year $5.2 million.



    





 we have financed our operations primarily through the issuance of our common stock.




    





    
January 31
 2016
January 31
 2015
    

    
(4
532
446
(1
233
415
(3
299
031

    
231
021
443
189
(212
168




 2016
 we
had total assets of $2
489
481 and total liabilities of $5
917
197. Our current sources of liquidity include our existing cash
and cash equivalents and cash from operations and funds raised through the sale of our securities and convertible securities (as
described in greater detail below). For the year ended January 31
 2016
 we generated gross sales of $12
312
620 and we had a net
loss of $5
201
917.


$1
684
751 as of January 31
 2016 included cash of $231
021
 accounts receivable of $1
415
559
 $30
171 of prepaid assets and other
current assets of $8
000.


of January 31
 2016 of $2
489
481 which included the total current assets of $1
684
751
 $187
838 of property and equipment
 net
$593
325 of intangible assets
 and $23
567 of other assets.


of $5
917
197 as of January 31
 2016
 which were solely current liabilities and included $3
527
083 of accounts payable
 $84
174
of accrued royalty &ndash; related party (relating to amounts accrued in connection with the FSHR License Agreement)
 and $497
431
of accrued expenses
 $1
029
558 of convertible notes payable
 net of discount
 and $778
951 of conversion feature for the derivative
liability.


2016 improved by 29% while total operating expenses decreased by 23%. Gross margin improvements remain a key factor in our growth.
Gross profit margins in fiscal 2016 were better than in 2015 but were still tight as significant discounts and deductions were
given to gain distribution and market penetration. As these accounts mature
 we expect our gross margins to increase in the upcoming
year into the mid to high 30% range. Additionally
 as our business expands
 we expect to ship to some of our customers without
a distributor
 which will help improve gross margins.





    
    



obligations in the ordinary course of business is dependent upon our ability to sell our products directly to end users and through
distributors
 establish profitable operations through increased sales and decreased expenses and obtain additional funds when needed.


revenues have increased significantly on an annual basis
 the Company has incurred a net loss of $5
201
917 and $10
280
985 for
the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and had an accumulated deficit of $29
245
750 at January 31
In
addition
 the Company has a history of losses and has not generated net income from operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The operations of the Company have primarily been funded
by the issuance of its common stock. The Company&rsquo;s ability to meet its obligations in the ordinary course of business is
dependent upon its ability to sell its products directly to end-users and through distributors
 establish profitable operations
through increased sales and decreased expenses
 and obtain additional funds when needed. We may not be able to increase sales or
reduce expenses to a level necessary to meet our current obligations or continue as a going concern. As a result
 the opinion the
Company received from its independent registered public accounting firm on its January 31
 2015 financial statements contains an
explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt regarding the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
If we become unable to continue as a going concern
 we may have to liquidate our assets
 and may realize significantly less than
the values at which they are carried on our financial statements
 and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in
our common stock. The accompanying financial statements do not contain any adjustments for this uncertainty.


the Company&rsquo;s largest supplier of products recently agreed to extend the Company&rsquo;s required terms of payment from thirty
days to one hundred and twenty days from the date product is received
 which will provide the Company approximately $2.0 million
of short term capital in the near term.




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Year Ended January 31

    

    
    
    
    

    
(2
096
525
(2
695
394

    
83
644
56
426

    
1
800
713
2
495
035




    





 net cash used in operating activities decreased by $868
869 for the year ended January 31
 2016. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended January 31
 2016 was primarily due to $5
201
917 of net loss
 offset by $1
713
764 in share based employee compensation
 $1
034
183 in accounts payable
 $204
284 in common stock issued for services
 and $176
884 in depreciation
 offset by a $311
307 decrease in accounts receivable compared to the prior fiscal year.




    





 2016 was solely due to the purchase and sale of property and equipment.




    





 net cash provided by financing activities decreased by approximately $694
322 for the year ended January 31
 2016 primarily from the $1
957
312 loss on settlement of debt in 2015 as described below.




    
    





 we may attempt to raise capital through either equity or debt offerings. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors
 including
 among other things
 the rate at which our business grows
 with corresponding demands for working capital and expansion capacity. We could be required
 or may elect
 to seek additional funding through public or private equity
 debt financing or bank financing.




    


Mother Parker&rsquo;s
Investment


April 24
 2014
&rdquo;
&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Subscription
 Mother Parkers purchased 7
333
529 units from the Company
each consisting of (a) one share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
&rdquo;);
&rdquo; and collectively
with the Shares
&rdquo;) at a price per Unit equal to the fifty day weighted-average price per share of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the OTCQB market
 for the fifty trading days ending March 7
 2014 (the date the parties first
discussed the transactions contemplated by the Subscription)
&rdquo;). The
total purchase price paid for the Units was $2
500
000.


to the Subscription
 we provided Mother Parkers a right of first refusal for a period of two (2) years following the Subscription
to purchase up to 10% of any securities (common stock
 options or warrants exercisable for common stock) we propose to offer and
&rdquo;)
 exercisable for 48 hours from the time
we provide Mother Parkers notice of such proposed sale of ROFO Securities (subject where applicable to Mother Parkers meeting any
prerequisites to participation in the offering). The right of first refusal does not apply to the issuance of (a) shares of common
stock or options to employees
 officers
 directors or consultants of the Company in consideration for services
 (b) securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the date of the Subscription
(c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by the directors of the Company
 provided that
any such issuance shall provide the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds
 but shall not include a
transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
 and (d) any debt securities
(other than any debt securities exchangeable for or convertible into shares of common stock). The right of first refusal is not
assignable and expires upon the first to occur of two (2) years following the date of the Subscription and the date Mother Parkers
enters into or takes certain bankruptcy related actions.


Warrants have an exercise price equal to 150% of the Per Unit Price ($0.51135 per share)
 a term of three years and prohibit Mother
Parkers from exercising such Warrants to the extent such exercise would result in the beneficial ownership of more than 9.99% of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 subject to Mother Parkers&rsquo; right to waive such limitation with 61 days prior written notice.




Company entered into an unsecured Revolving Line of Credit Agreement with Colorado Medical Finance Services
 LLC
 dba Gold Gross
Capital LLC on June 9
 2015
 with an effective date of February 16
 2015. The line of credit allows the Company the right to borrow
up to $500
000 from the lender from time to time. On March 26
 2015
 the lender advanced $250
000 to us under the terms of the
line of credit. Amounts owed under the line of credit are to be memorialized by revolving credit notes in the form attached to
the line of credit
 provided that no formal note has been entered into to advance amounts borrowed to date. Amounts borrowed under
the line of credit accrue interest at the rate of 17.5% per annum and can be repaid at any time without penalty. A total of 10%
of the interest rate is payable in cash and the other 7.5% of the interest rate is payable in cash
 or at the option of the lender
and with our consent
 or by a reduction in amounts owed to us by the lender in connection with the sale of coffee or other promotional
activities. The line of credit expires
 and all amounts are due under the line of credit on September 26
 2016. The line of credit
contains customary events of default
 and upon the occurrence of an event of default the lender can suspend further advances and
require the Company to declare the entire amount then owed immediately due
 subject to a 10 day period pursuant to which we have
the right to cure any default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default the amounts owed under the line of credit bear interest
at the rate of 20% per annum. Proceeds from the line of credit can be solely used for working capital purposes. The lender has
no relationship with the Company or its affiliates. As of January 31
 2016
 the Company had borrowed a total of $250
000 under
the Line of Credit and the balance due was $162
347.



    
    


Convertible Note
with JSJ Investments Inc.


September 9
 2015
JSJ Convertible
Note
000. Amounts owed under the JSJ Convertible Note accrue interest at the rate of 12% per
annum (18% upon an event of default). The JSJ Convertible Note was originally payable by us on demand by JSJ at any time after
March 6
 2016. We have the right to prepay the JSJ Convertible Note (a) for an amount equal to 135% of the then balance of such
note until the 180th&nbsp;day following the date of the note
 and (b) for an amount equal to 150% of the balance of such note subsequent
to the maturity date (provided the holder consents to such payment after maturity).


JSJ Convertible Note and all accrued interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into the Company&rsquo;s common
stock at any time. The conversion price of the JSJ Convertible Note is 60% (a 40% discount) to the third lowest intra-day trading
price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during the 10 trading days prior to any conversion date of the note. In the event we
do not issue the holder any shares due in connection with a conversion within three business days
 we are required to issue the
holder additional shares equal to 25% of the conversion amount
 and an additional 25% of such shares for each additional five business
days beyond such fourth business day that such failure continues. In the event we do not have a sufficient number of authorized
but unissued shares of common stock to allow for the conversion of the note
 the discount rate (40%) is increased by an additional
5%. In connection with the sale of the note
 we agreed to pay $5
000 of JSJ&rsquo;s legal fees.


JSJ Convertible Note contains standard and customary events of default
 including in the event we fail to timely file any and all
reports due with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 JSJ can demand that we immediately
repay 150% of the outstanding balance of the JSJ Convertible Note together with accrued interest (and default interest
 if any).


to the terms of the JSJ Convertible Note
 JSJ agreed not to engage in any short sales or hedging transactions of our common stock.
At no time may the JSJ Convertible Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in JSJ and
its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock
 provided such percentage
may be increased by JSJ to up to increases to 9.99% upon not less than 61 days prior written notice to us.


 2016

entered into a side letter agreement with JSJ. Pursuant to the side letter agreement
 JSJ agreed to extend the maturity date of
the JSJ Note to December 9
 2016 (from March 9
 2016)
 and we agreed to amend the terms of the JSJ Note relating to prepayment
to allow us the right to prepay the JSJ Note (a) from March 1
 2016 to September 9
 2016
 provided we pay a redemption premium
of 135% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon
 and (b) from September 10
 2016 to the maturity
date
 provided we pay a redemption premium of 150% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon.
The side letter agreement also amended the JSJ Note to (a) allow JSJ the right at any time after September 9
 2016
 to convert
the amount owed under the JSJ Note into shares of our common stock at a 40% discount to the third lowest trade during the previous
10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 provided that in no event will such conversion price be less than $0.00005 per
share; and (b) to add a 4.99% ownership limitation which prevents JSJ from converting the note into our common stock in the event
it and its affiliates would beneficially own more than 4.99% of our common stock upon such conversion
 provided that such percentage
can be increased by JSJ with 61 days prior written notice up to 9.99%. The side letter agreement also amended the events of default
under the JSJ Note to include other additional customary events of default
 in the event we cease filing reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission or if we file a Form 15.


into the side letter agreement
 we paid JSJ $117
253
 including $16
003 of interest due on the JSJ Note through March 1
 2016
$5
000 of JSJ&rsquo;s legal fees and $96
250 in consideration for JSJ agreeing to extend the due date of the JSJ Note (which represents
the prepayment penalty which would have been due had we repaid the JSJ Note when due).



    
    



conversion. In the event that the JSJ Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and
to the extent that the balance of the JSJ Note is converted into common stock.

Convertible Promissory
Note with Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC


September 14
&rdquo;)
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated September
14
&rdquo;) with Typenex Co-Investment
&rdquo;). Pursuant to the
Typenex SPA
&rdquo;) in the principal
amount of $1
005
000
 deliverable in four tranches as described below.


Typenex Note has a term of 20 months and an interest rate of 10% per annum (22% upon an event of default). The gross proceeds to
the Company from the Typenex Note were $1
000
000
 in the form of: (a) an initial tranche of $250
000 in cash (gross proceeds of
$255
000
 less $5
000 in expense reimbursements)
 and (b) three promissory notes of $250
000 each (collectively

Notes
 in its sole discretion
 to fund one or more of the Investor Notes. Absent such an election
by Typenex
 the Investor Notes will not result in cash proceeds to
 or an obligation to repay on the part of
 the Company. Each
of the Investor Notes accrue interest at the rate of 10% per annum until paid (provided that all amounts due under the Investor
Notes may be offset against amounts we owe Typenex in Typenex&rsquo;s sole discretion)
 and as such
 we do not anticipate owing
any interest on the Investor Notes until such notes are funded by Typenex. Each of the Investor Notes are secured by a Membership
Interest Pledge Agreement entered into by Typenex for our benefit.


on the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date and on the same day of each month thereafter until the maturity date
so long as any amount is outstanding under the Typenex Note
 the Company is required to pay to Typenex installments of principal
equal to $75
000 (or such lesser principal amount as is then outstanding)
 plus the sum of any accrued and unpaid interest
 at
the request of Typenex. Payments of each installment amount may be made in cash
 subject to the terms of the note. Alternatively
the Company may elect to pay an installment amount in Common Stock based on the Market Price.


six (6) months after the Closing Date
 Typenex may convert the balance of the Typenex Note
 or any installment or portion thereof
utilizing the conversion price calculation set forth below. Generally
 the conversion price will be $0.30 per share; however
 in
the event the Company&rsquo;s market capitalization falls below $3 million
 then the conversion price is the lower of (a) $0.30
per share
&rdquo; is calculated by applying a discount of 40% (provided
that under certain events the discount may be increased to up to 60%
 upon the occurrence of certain events (with a reduction of
5% per event) such as the value of common stock (as calculated in the note) declining below $0.10 per share; the Company not being
DWAC eligible; the Company&rsquo;s common stock not being DTC eligible; or the occurrence of any major default (as described in
the note))
 to the average of the three (3) lowest intra-day trading prices of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during the ten
(10) trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. Additionally
 20 days after shares issued upon redemption of
the note are eligible to be freely traded by Typenex (as described in the note)
 there is a required true up
 whereby Typenex is
required to be issued additional shares in the event the trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock has declined from the
time of original issuance to the date such shares are &lsquo;free trading&rsquo; as described in the Typenex Note.


Company has the right to prepay the Typenex Note under certain circumstances
 subject to payment of a 35% prepayment penalty during
the first six months the note is outstanding and 50% thereafter.


at any time that the Typenex Note is outstanding
 the Company sells or issues any common stock or other securities exercisable
for
 or convertible into
 Common Stock for a price per share that is less than the conversion price applicable under the Typenex
Note
 then such lower price will apply to all subsequent conversions by Typenex for a period of 20 trading days.


Typenex Note includes customary and usual events of default. In the event of a default
 the Typenex Note may be accelerated by
Typenex. The outstanding balance would be immediately due and payable. We are required to repay Typenex additional amounts (including
the value of the amount then due in common stock
 at the highest intraday trading price of the amount then due under the note)
and/or liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Typenex Note. In addition
 we owe certain fees and liquidated
damages to Typenex if we fail to timely issue shares of common stock under the Typenex Note.



    
    



is prohibited from owning more than 4.99% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares
 pursuant to the Typenex Note
 unless the market
capitalization of the Company&rsquo;s common stock is less than $10
000
000
 in which case Typenex is prohibited from owning more
than 9.99% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares.


March and April 2016
 we repaid an aggregate of $150
000 ($75
000 in each of March and April) of the amount owed to Typenex in
connection with a redemption request received from Typenex.


owed by us under the Typenex Note are secured by a first priority security interest granted to Typenex pursuant to the terms of
a Security Agreement entered into with Typenex
 in each of the Investor Notes.


goal is for the Company to utilize this debt as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue. We hope to repay
the Typenex Convertible Note prior to any conversion. In the event that the Typenex Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the Typenex Note is converted into common stock.

Convertible Promissory
Note with JMJ Financial


September 16
 2015
&rdquo;) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of up
to $900
&rdquo;). The initial amount received in connection with the sale of the JMJ
Convertible Note was $350
000
 and a total of $431
200 is currently due under the JMJ Convertible Note (not including the interest
charge described below)
 as all amounts borrowed under the note include a 10% original issue discount. Moving forward
 JMJ may
loan us additional funds (up to $900
000 in aggregate) at our request
 provided that JMJ has the right in its sole discretion to
approve any future request for additional funding. Each advance under the JMJ Convertible Note is due two years from the date of
such advance
 with the amount initially funded under the note due on September 16
 2017.


JMJ Convertible Note (including principal and accrued interest and where applicable other fees) is convertible into our common
stock
 at any time
 at the lesser of $0.75 per share or 65% (a 35% discount) of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock
in the 20 trading days prior to the date of any conversion
 provided that if we are not DWAC eligible at the time of any conversion
an additional 10% discount applies
 and in the event our common stock is not DTC eligible at the time of any conversion
 an additional
5% discount applies. The JMJ Convertible Note provides that unless we and JMJ agree in writing
 JMJ is not eligible to convert
any amount of the note into common stock which would result in JMJ owning more than 4.99% of our common stock.


one-time interest charge of 12% was applied to the principal amount of the note
 which remains payable regardless of the repayment
(or conversion) date of the note.


180 days after the date of the note
 we are able to prepay the note assuming we prepay all outstanding principal together with
a penalty of 40% of such amount
 interest
 fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
 and the original issuance discount due thereon; and
after 160 days
 we are not able to prepay the note without JMJ&rsquo;s written approval.


agreed that we would reserve 25 million shares of common stock for conversion of the note. In the event we fail to deliver shares
within four days of the date of any conversion by JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ $2
000 per day in penalties.


JMJ Convertible Note provides for customary events of default including
 our failure to timely make payments under the JMJ Convertible
Note when due
 our entry into bankruptcy proceedings
 our failure to file reports with the SEC
 our loss of DTC eligibility for
our common stock
 and the investor&rsquo;s loss of the ability to rely on Rule 144 of the Securities Act. Additionally
 upon the
occurrence of an event of default
 as described in greater detail in the JMJ Convertible Note
 and at the election of JMJ
 we are
required to pay JMJ
 either (i) the amount then owed under the note divided by the applicable conversion price
 on the date the
default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is lower)
 multiplied by the volume weighted average price on the date
the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is higher)
 or (ii) 150% of the principal amount of the note
 plus
all of the unpaid interest
 fees
 liquidated damages (if any) and other amounts due. Any amount not paid when due accrues interest
at the rate of 18% per annum until paid in full. JMJ is not required to provide us any written notice in order to accelerate the
amounts owed under the JMJ Convertible Note in the event of the occurrence of an event of default.



    
    



&rdquo; of our common
stock.


goal is for the Company to utilize this debt as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue. We hope to repay
the JMJ Convertible Note prior to any conversion. In the event that the JMJ Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company
shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the JMJ Note is converted into common stock.

September 2015
Convertible Promissory Note with Vis Vires Group


September 24
 2015
sold Vis Vires Group
&rdquo;)
a Convertible Promissory Note (with an issuance date of September 9
 2015) in the principal amount of $254

Vires 2015 Convertible Note
 pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated September 9
 2015. The Vis Vires 2015
Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum (22% upon an event of default) and was due and payable on June 11
2016
 provided that we repaid the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note in full in March 2016.


principal amount of the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note and all accrued interest was convertible at the option of the holder thereof
into our common stock at any time following the 180th day after the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note was issued. The conversion
price of the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note is equal to the greater of (a) 65% (a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the
lowest five closing bid prices of our common stock during the ten trading days immediately prior to the date of any conversion;
and (b) $0.00009. At no time could the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion
would have resulted in Vis Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of
our common stock.


had the right to prepay in full the unpaid principal and interest on the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time
prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment was subject to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108%
to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any
default amounts then owing)
 depending on when such prepayment is made.


paid $4
000 of Vis Vires&rsquo;s attorney&rsquo;s fees in connection with the sale of the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note.


March 2016
 we paid $347
172 to satisfy the amount outstanding under the Vis Vires 2015 Convertible Note in full.




October 2015
 we borrowed $150
000 from a third-party lender. The October 2015 loan had a seven month term
 a total payback amount
of $202
500 and was payable by way of 147 daily payments of $1
378. In November 2015
 we borrowed $65
000 from the same lender.
The November 2015 loan had a term of six months
 a total payable amount of $89
700 and was payable by way of 126 daily payments
of $712. In January 2016
 we borrowed $220
000 from the same lender (of which $91
887.70 was new lending and $128
112.30 was used
to repay the balance on the October 2015 loan). There was $215
173 outstanding as of January 31
 2016. The January 2016 loan has
a term of ten months
 a total payback amount of $290
400 and is payable by way of 210 daily payments of $1
383. In February 2016
we borrowed $100
000 from the same lender which has a six-month term
 a total payback amount of $130
000 and is payable by way
of 126 daily payments of $1
032. In April 2016
 we borrowed $115
000 from the same lender (of which $90
000 was new lending and
the remainder was used to pay back the balance on the November 2015 loan). The April 2016 loan has a term of eight months
 a total
payable amount of $158
700 and is payable by way of 168 daily payments of $945. The loans are secured by a security interest in
all of our accounts
 equipment
 inventory and investment property. We have the right to repay the loans within the first 30 days
after the effective date of each loan at the rate of 85% of the applicable repayment amount and between 31 and 90 days after the
effective date of each loan at the rate of 90% of the applicable repayment amount. The interest rates on these loans range from
30-38% per annum.



    
    


5% Convertible Promissory Notes with Duck Duck Spruce
 LLC


 2016
 and March 15
 2016
 we
sold Duck Duck Spruce
&rdquo;) two 5% Convertible Promissory Notes with face amounts of $330
000
representing $300
000 borrowed from Duck Duck and a 10% original issue discount ($30
000)
 and $220
000
 representing $200
000
borrowed from Duck Duck and a 10% original issue discount ($20
000)
&rdquo;
and collectively
&rdquo;). The Duck Duck Notes accrue interest at the rate of 5% per annum (the
lesser of 10% per annum and the highest rate allowed per law upon an event of default)
 and are due on December 8
 2016 (as to
the March 9
 2016 note) and March 15
 2016 (as to the March 15
 2016 note)
 provided that if we repay the Duck Duck Notes more
than 90 days after the issuance date thereof
 the 5% interest which would have accrued through maturity is required to be paid
to Duck Duck at the time of repayment.


&nbsp;day after the issuance date thereof along with a prepayment penalty of between 105% and 130%
of the principal amount owed thereunder
 plus interest (which as described above requires the total of interest through maturity
&nbsp;day after the issuance date the notes cannot
be repaid without the written consent of Duck Duck.


and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under the Duck Duck Notes when due and the failure of the
Company to timely comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 reporting requirements.


&nbsp;day after the issuance date of
thereof at the option of Duck Duck
&rdquo; list
with the DTC
 increasing by 5% if we are not DWAC eligible
 and increasing by another 5% upon the occurrence of any event of default
under the note) to the average of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock during the 10 consecutive trading days prior
to the date of conversion
 provided that all conversions are subject to a floor of $0.05 per share.


into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in Duck Duck and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess
of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock.


 2016 Duck Duck Note also (a)
required us to issue 250
000 shares of restricted common stock to Duck Duck in consideration for agreeing to the sale of such note;
and (b) provided that as long as the note is outstanding
 upon any issuance by us of any convertible debt security (whether such
debt begins with a convertible feature or such feature is added at a later date) with any conversion price term more favorable
than such Duck Duck Note
 then at Duck Duck&rsquo;s option
 such conversion price term can apply to such March 15
 2016 Duck Duck
Note.


to any conversion. In the event that the Duck Duck Notes are not repaid in cash in their entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer
dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the Duck Duck Notes is converted into common stock.




 2016
sold
Vis Vires a Convertible Promissory Note (with an issuance date of March 11
 2016) in the principal amount of $225

Vires Convertible Note
 pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated March 11
 2016. The Vis Vires Convertible
Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum (22% upon an event of default) and is due and payable on December 15
 2016. The
Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under
the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended
 reporting requirements.&nbsp;Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental defaults
 as described in the
Vis Vires Convertible Note
 we are required to pay Vis Vires liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Vis Vires
Convertible Note.



    
    



Note and all accrued interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into our common stock at any time following the
180th day after the Vis Vires Convertible Note was issued. The conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is equal to the
greater of (a) 65% (a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the lowest five closing bid prices of our common stock during
the ten trading days immediately prior to the date of any conversion; and (b) $0.00009
 provided that the conversion price during
major announcements (as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement date
of such major announcement and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to
pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price
also includes anti-dilution protection such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible
securities at a price equal to less than the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance
or deemed issuance
 the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
 subject
to certain exceptions in the note.


Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in Vis Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate
of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock.


and interest on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment
is subject to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible
Note (inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when such prepayment is made.


customary positive and negative covenants.


000 of Vis Vires&rsquo;s attorney&rsquo;s
fees in connection with the sale of the Vis Vires Convertible Note.&nbsp;


Note prior to any conversion. In the event that the Vis Vires Convertible Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company shareholders
may suffer dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is converted into common stock.




business
 we have not participated in transactions that generate material relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial
partnerships
&rdquo;)
which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangement or other contractually narrow or
limited purposes. As of January 31
 2016
 we are not involved in any material unconsolidated SPEs.




of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting
policies affect our most significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our financial statements.



    
    


On
January&nbsp;1
 2006
 we adopted the provisions of&nbsp;Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) 718 which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for employee service. We utilize the Black-Scholes option
pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock based compensation at the date of grant
 which requires the input of
highly subjective assumptions
 including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and assumptions can materially
affect the measure of estimated fair value of our share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective and generally require
significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value
 some of the assumptions will be based on
 or determined
from
 external data and other assumptions may be derived from our historical experience with stock-based payment arrangements.
The appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment
 based on relevant facts and circumstances.


by considering historical stock volatility. We have opted to use the simplified method for estimating the expected term of stock
options equal to the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term.

All
revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the service or sale is complete
 the price is fixed or
determinable and ability to collect is reasonably assured. Revenue is derived from the sale of coffee products and is recognized
on a gross basis upon shipment. The Company utilizes a third party for the production and fulfillment of orders placed by customers.
Customers order directly from the Company and accordingly
 the Company acts as a principal
 takes title to the products
 and has
the risks and rewards of ownership
 such as the risk of loss for collection
 delivery and returns.

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets
Note 4 to the financial statements included in this annual report). The license agreement is reviewed for impairment when events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability
is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. In
the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the assets
 the assets are written
down to their estimated fair values. Management evaluated the carrying value of the license and determined that no impairment existed
at January 31
 2016 or 2015.

Accounts Receivable
A provision for doubtful accounts is provided based on a combination of historical experience
 specific identification
and customer credit risk where there are indications that a specific customer may be experiencing financial difficulties.

We
estimate any required write-downs for inventory obsolescence by examining our inventories on a quarterly basis to determine if
there are indicators that the carrying values could exceed net realizable value. Indicators that could result in additional inventory
write-downs include age of inventory
 damaged inventory
 slow moving products and products at the end of their life cycles. While
significant judgment is involved in determining the net realizable value of inventory
 we believe that inventory is appropriately
stated at the lower of cost or market.

Deferred Tax Asset
Valuation Allowance. 
filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns
 as well as all
open tax years in these jurisdictions. As a result of adoption
 no additional tax liabilities have been recorded. The Company files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in certain state jurisdictions. The Company has not been subjected to tax
examinations for any year and the statute of limitations has not expired. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax benefits or consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities
 and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Judgment is required
in determining the provision for income taxes and related accruals
 deferred tax assets and liabilities. These include establishing
a valuation allowance related to the ability to realize certain deferred tax assets. To the extent future taxable income against
which these assets may be applied is not sufficient
 some portion or all of our recorded deferred tax assets would not be realizable.



    
    


Derivative Liabilities.

 forward
 swap
option contract
 or other financial instrument with similar characteristics
 including certain derivative instruments embedded
in other contracts and for hedging activities. As a matter of policy
 we do not invest in separable financial derivatives or engage
in hedging transactions. However
 we have entered into certain convertible debt financing transactions in fiscal 2016 containing
certain embedded features that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. We may engage in other similar complex
financing transactions in the future
 but not with the intention to enter into derivative instruments. Derivatives are measured
at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model and marked to market through earnings. However
 such new and/or complex
instruments may have immature or limited markets. As a result
 the pricing models used for valuation of derivatives often incorporate
significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate of the fair
value of the derivative liabilities and
 consequently
 the related amount recognized as a change in fair value of derivative liabilities
on the consolidated statement of operations. Furthermore
 depending on the terms of a derivative
 the valuation of derivatives
may be removed from the financial statements upon exercise or conversion of the underlying instrument into some other security
or if the contract is modified.




a future date are being evaluated by the Company to determine whether adoption will have a material impact on the Company's
financial statements. Such pronouncements include the following:

Financial Accounting
Standards Board
 or FASB
 Accounting Standards Update
 or ASU 2016-02 &ldquo;Leases (Topic 842)&rdquo;
 the FASB issued
ASU 2016-02
 which will require lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease
liability. For income statement purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating
or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but
without explicit bright lines. Lessor accounting is similar to the current model
 but updated to align with certain changes to
the lessee model and the new revenue recognition standard. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 18
2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will
have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

FASB ASU 2014-09 &ldquo;Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&rdquo; or ASU 2014-09
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which supersedes the
revenue recognition requirements of Accounting Standards Codification
 or ASC
 Topic 605 Revenue Recognition. This ASU is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with the option to adopt as early as December 15
 2017. We are
currently assessing the impact of adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.



 the FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-12
&nbsp;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation: Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms&nbsp;of
an Award Provide that a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&nbsp;(&ldquo;ASU 2014-12&rdquo;).
The guidance requires that a&nbsp;performance target that affects vesting
 and that could be achieved after the requisite service
period
 be treated as a performance condition. The guidance&nbsp;will be effective for the Company in the fiscal year beginning
February 1
 2016
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the&nbsp;impact of this guidance
 if any
on its financial statements.


the significance of the recent accounting pronouncement ASU 2014-15
&nbsp;Presentation of Financial Statements &ndash; Going&nbsp;Concern&nbsp;(subtopic
205-40); disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 and has not yet concluded
whether the&nbsp;pronouncement will have a significant effect on the Company&rsquo;s future financial statements. Such standard
is effective for the Company for the fiscal year beginning February 1
 2017.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK.


of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.305(e))
 the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a




    
    


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA


and supplementary data
 along with reports of independent registered public accounting firms thereon
&nbsp;are presented beginning
on page&nbsp;F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures&nbsp;


controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file with
the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive
and financial officers
 as appropriate
 to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rule 15d-15(b)
of the Exchange Act
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including
our principal executive and principal financial officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act)&nbsp;as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on the foregoing
 our principal executive and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are not effective to ensure the information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded
 processed and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting&nbsp;


Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under
the supervision of the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) and includes those policies
and procedures that:



    
    
    




    
    

 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;




    
    

 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements;




    
    
    




    
    

 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and




    
    

 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.





    
    




financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in
judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion
or improper management override. Because of such limitations
 there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations are known features
of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
 though not eliminate
this risk. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the
Company.


&nbsp;published by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 known as COSO
 to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. Based on this assessment
 management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of January 31
 2016.


a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. In connection with the assessment described above
 management
identified the following control deficiencies that represent material weaknesses at January 31
 2016:


of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors capable
to oversee the audit function; and&nbsp;


controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes.


our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 moving forward
 at such time as we are able to raise additional funding
we plan to hire additional outside accounting personnel and take action to consolidate check writing and financial controls. Additionally
as soon as funds are available
 we plan to make a determination as to whether it is in the Company&rsquo;s best interest to (1)
appoint one or more outside directors to our Board of Directors to be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting
in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal
controls and procedures; (2) create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel
resources; (3) hire independent third parties to&nbsp;provide expert advice; and (4) prepare and implement sufficient written
policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.



    
    




and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an
ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements
 as necessary
and as funds allow.&nbsp;


not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules
of the SEC that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


we have remediated the following prior year material weaknesses:


inadequate segregation of duties due to limited number of personnel
 which makes the reporting process susceptible to management
override; and


insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.


 we added
sufficient personnel in our finance/accounting department with specific responsibilities to provide checks and balances to achieve
proper segregation of duties. We also improved the completeness and quality of documentation for our internal control processes
over financial reporting.


changes in internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during
our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over
financial reporting.







    
    






ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

The
following table and accompanying descriptions indicate the name of each officer and director of the Company.



    
    
    
Director
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

 Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary

    
    


All
directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified.
There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. We have historically compensated our directors for service on
the Board through the issuance of shares of common stock
 stock options and cash compensation for meeting fees. Additionally
 we
reimburse directors for expenses incurred by them in connection with the attendance at meetings of the Board. The Board appoints
the executive officers of the Company and the executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board.




Rohan
Marley
 Chairman

    


Rohan
Marley&nbsp;has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since March 2008. Mr. Marley is the son of late reggae
artist Bob Marley and is heavily involved in all of the family businesses including Fifty-Six Hope Road Music
 Bob Marley Music
Zion Rootswear as well as various land and resort holdings across the globe. Mr. Marley is also a part owner of and Director of
Fifty-Six Hope Road.

From
July 2010 to the present
 Mr. Marley has served as Chairman of Marley Coffee
 Ltd.
 a limited company formed under the laws of
Jamaica in July 2010 with a principal place of business in Kingston
 Jamaica. Marley Coffee is in the business of producing coffee
and selling it through various distribution outlets including through Marley Coffee
 LLC (MCL). Since February 2009
 Mr. Marley
has served as Co-Manager of MCL
 which is in the business of producing coffee and selling it through various distribution outlets.
From January 2006 to February 2009
 Mr. Marley was an entrepreneur principally engaged in planning and developing the business
plan for MCL and the Marley Coffee brand. Mr. Marley has been in the coffee business since 1999 when he bought a farm in the Blue
Mountain region of Jamaica and began his career in the business of organic coffee farming. In addition
 during the past over 15
years
 Mr. Marley has been deeply involved in Marley family businesses which seek to spread the message of his father
 music icon
Bob Marley
 through numerous product distribution and co-branding arrangements and other strategic alliances. In 2004
 Mr. Marley
founded Tuff Gong Clothing
 a privately held clothing designer. Mr. Marley believes strongly in giving back to human causes and
communities in need. To help promote happiness and prosperity
 Marley Coffee partnered with Waterwise Coffee to help provide clean
water in the coffee growing regions where the Company sources coffee. Mr. Marley&rsquo;s leadership in creating the vision for
the Company and his experience helping run his family&rsquo;s businesses are of great value to the board.




Brent
Toevs
 Chief Executive Officer and Director

    


Brent
Toevs has served as Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company since August 2011. From 2001 to 2011
 Mr. Toevs was co-founder
and partner of National Coffee Service &amp; Vending (NCSV)
 a consulting firm providing sales agents and consultants in the office
coffee and foodservice industries. NCSV represents and directs sales nationally and regionally for numerous coffee brands. From
1999 to 2001
 Mr. Toevs served as the Vice President of Sales for USRefresh Coffee &amp; Vending where he was responsible for
OCS sales and marketing in the United States and Canada. From 1996 to 1999
 Mr. Toevs held senior positions of increasing responsibility
at USRefresh at its headquarters in Ottawa
 Ontario. While at USRefresh
 Mr. Toevs served as the Vice President of Sales where
he oversaw sales
 marketing and customer service and established the Canadian division for the parent company and in sales management
where he expanded sales and increased sales revenue. As our Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Toevs is directly involved in all aspects
of our operations. Mr. Toevs&rsquo; extensive experience in corporate business development within the coffee foodservice industry
in addition to executive leadership and management experience
 provides valuable insight to the Board of Directors.



    
    







Anh
Tran
 President
 Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director

    




 and has served as President
 Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and director of the Company since May 2010. Mr. Tran also served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company from May 2010 to August 2011. From January 2005 to February 2010
 Mr. Tran served as the chief executive officer of Greencine.com
 an online independent movie distribution service. During his tenure with Greencine.com
 Mr. Tran led the company to numerous awards and was one of the first in its field to distribute paid content online. Prior to that
 he was a technology strategy consultant for Arthur Andersen. Mr. Tran was involved with business process reengineering for Fortune 500 technology companies and worked closely with corporate executives to strategically plan for the future. As a consultant for Arthur Andersen
 Mr. Tran worked on Siebel Systems&rsquo; customer relationship management implementations. Mr. Tran received a fellowship at the prestigious Coro Fellowship Program in San Francisco and holds a B.A. from the University of California at Los Angeles. As our President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer
 Mr. Tran has extensive experience leading start-up companies. He also has a history of working with consumer products and international markets and utilizes those experiences to run the day to day operation of the Company as well as to work to grow the Company on an international level. Mr. Tran&rsquo;s experience with the Company&rsquo;s operations and his ability to provide operational insight led the board to conclude that Mr. Tran should serve as a director.




for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full
 fair
 accurate
 timely and understandable disclosure in
reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives to
be compliant with applicable governmental laws
 rules and regulations.

Board
Leadership Structure&nbsp;


and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are currently held separately. Mr. Marley serves as Chairman and Mr. Toevs serves as
Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors does not have a policy as to whether the Chairman should be an independent director
an affiliated director
 or a member of management. Our Board believes that the Company&rsquo;s current leadership structure is
appropriate because it effectively allocates authority
 responsibility
 and oversight between management (the Company&rsquo;s Chief
Executive Officer
 Mr. Toevs) and the members of our Board (currently Mr. Marley as Chairman). It does this by giving primary responsibility
for the operational leadership and strategic direction of the Company to its Chief Executive Officer
 while enabling our Chairman
to facilitate our Board&rsquo;s oversight of management
 promote communication between management and our Board
 and support our
Board&rsquo;s consideration of key governance matters. The Board believes that its programs for overseeing risk
 as described below
would be effective under a variety of leadership frameworks and therefore do not materially affect its choice of structure.

Risk
Oversight&nbsp;


is an important priority of the Board of Directors. Because risks are considered in virtually every business decision
 the Board
of Directors discusses risk throughout the year generally or in connection with specific proposed actions. The Board of Directors&rsquo;
approach to risk oversight includes understanding the critical risks in the Company&rsquo;s business and strategy
 evaluating the
Company&rsquo;s risk management processes
 allocating responsibilities for risk oversight
 and fostering an appropriate culture
of integrity and compliance with legal responsibilities. The directors exercise direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company.



    
    




Family
Relationships

&nbsp;our

 marriage
adoption to any
other director
officer
 or other key employees




 there
is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers and any other person
 including directors
 pursuant to which the
officer was selected to serve as an officer.





are also directors of issuers with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (or which otherwise are
required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act).

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings


during the past ten years
 none of our directors or executive officers were involved in any of the following: (1) any bankruptcy
petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of
the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being a named subject to
a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order
 judgment
or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily
enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities;
(4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 (5) being the subject of
 or a party to
 any Federal or State
judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 relating to an
alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (ii) any law or regulation respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement
or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii)
any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or (6) being the subject
of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act)
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
Act)
 or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
associated with a member.


Board
of Directors Meetings&nbsp;


that ended on January 31
 2016
 the Board held no official meetings and took all other actions via the unanimous written consent
of the Board of Directors; provided that the Board did confer on a regular
 frequent and informal basis throughout the year. All
directors attended at least 75% of the Board of Directors during fiscal year 2016. The Company encourages
 but does not require
all directors to be present at annual meetings of stockholders.&nbsp;




does not have nominating
 compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions
 nor does our Company have
a written nominating
 compensation or audit committee charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees
at this time
 because the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our Board of Directors.


policy and procedural requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors as set forth in the
Company&rsquo;s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on May 30
&rdquo;
&rdquo;. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating
such nominees. The directors will assess all candidates
 whether submitted by management or stockholders
 and make recommendations
for election or appointment.&nbsp;



    
    




will consider candidates recommended by stockholders
 provided the names of such persons
 accompanied by relevant biographical
information
 are properly submitted in writing to the Secretary of the Company in accordance with the manner described for stockholder
proposals in the Company&rsquo;s Definitive Proxy Statement described above. The Secretary will send properly submitted stockholder
recommendations to the Board of Directors. Individuals recommended by stockholders in accordance with these procedures will receive
the same consideration received by individuals identified to the Board of Directors through other means. The Board of Directors
also may
 in its discretion
 consider candidates otherwise recommended by stockholders without accompanying biographical information
if submitted in writing to the Secretary.





other matters other than the nomination of members of our Board of Directors (as described above)
 our stockholders and other interested
parties may communicate with members of the Board of Directors by submitting such communications in writing to our Secretary
 730
Tejon St.
 Denver
 Colorado 80211
 who


will note the date the communication was received
 open the communication
 make a copy of it for our files and promptly forward


our Secretary will not open the communication
 but will note the date the communication was received and promptly forward the communication
to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. If the correspondence is not addressed to any particular member of the Board of Directors
the communication will be forwarded to a Board member to bring to the attention of the Board.





accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full
 fair
 accurate
 timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company
and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws
 rules and regulations.&nbsp;


the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside
auditors
 reviewing the scope
 results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements and other
services provided by the Company&rsquo;s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors reviews the Company&rsquo;s internal
accounting controls
 practices and policies.&nbsp;

Director
Independence


for trading on the OTCQB and we are not required to have independent members of our Board of Directors. We do not identify any
of our directors as being independent.


 we
do not currently have a separately designated audit
 nominating or compensation committee.&nbsp;

Code
of Ethics&nbsp;


&rdquo;) that applies to all of its directors
 officers
 employees
consultants
 contractors and agents of the Company. The Code of Ethics has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.&nbsp;


&rdquo;
and any stockholder who so requests may obtain a free copy of our Code of Ethics by submitting a written request to our Corporate
Secretary. Additionally
 the Company&rsquo;s Code of Ethics was filed as an exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on April 1
 2014
 as 



    
    




any amendments to our Code of Ethics and any waivers with respect to our Code of Ethics granted to our principal executive officer
our principal financial officer
&nbsp;within
four business days after the amendment or waiver. In such case
 the disclosure regarding the amendment or waiver will remain available
on our website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure. There have been no waivers granted with respect to our Code
of Ethics to any such officers or employees to date.&nbsp;

SECTION
16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE


Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock
to file reports of their ownership of
 and transactions in
 our common stock with the SEC and to furnish us with copies of
the reports they file. Based solely upon our review of the Section 16(a) filings that have been furnished to us
and representations by our directors and executive officers
 we believe that all filings required to be made under Section
16(a) during fiscal 2015 were timely made
 except that Brent Toevs
 our Chief Executive Officer and director
 inadvertently
failed to timely report three (3) transactions on Form 4; Anh Tran
 our President and director
 inadvertently failed to
timely report three (3) transactions on Form 4; and Rohan Marley
 our Chairman
 inadvertently failed to timely report three
(3) transactions on Form 4. Similarly
 from February 1
 2016 through the date of this filing
 we believe that all
filings required to be made under Section 16(a) were timely made
 except that Brent Toevs
 our Chief Executive Officer and
director
 inadvertently failed to timely report three (3) transactions on Form 4; Anh Tran
 our President and director
inadvertently failed to timely report three (3) transactions on Form 4; and Rohan Marley
 our Chairman
 inadvertently failed
to timely report three (3) transactions on Form 4. Additionally
 the Form 4 relating to the six (6) transactions
inadvertently not timely filed by Mr. Marley remains outstanding as of the date of this report
 provided that Mr. Marley
plans to file such Form 4 shortly after the date hereof.


we have relied upon examination of the copies of Forms 3
 4
 and 5
 and amendments to these forms
 provided to us and/or the written
representations of our directors
 executive officers
 and 10% stockholders.&nbsp;


we are not required to disclose in this report any failure to timely file a Section 16(a) report that has been disclosed by us
in a prior proxy statement or annual report.





Officers
 2016 and 2015 (Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015
 respectively).
Our Named Executive Officers include persons who (i)&nbsp;served as our principal executive officer or acted in a similar capacity
during Fiscal 2016 and 2015
 (ii)&nbsp;were serving at fiscal year-end as our two most highly compensated executive officers
 other
than the principal executive officer
 whose total compensation exceeded $100
000
 and (iii) if applicable
 up to two additional
individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided as a most highly compensated executive officer
 but for the fact that
the individual was not serving as an executive officer at fiscal year-end.



    
    











    
                                         

    
    
    
    
    
    
Awards
                                         (1)
All
                                         Other
                                                                       
    

Brent
    R. Toevs
    
196
948
    
413
600
33
082
14
146
657
776

Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
    
186
992
50
000
356
356
32
065
30
332
655
745

Anh
    T. Tran
    
154
340
    
413
600
26
012
12
150
606
102

President
    Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer)
    
157
667
50
000
420
523
24
200
20
203
672
593

(Principal Financial
    Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








benefits
 or property
 unless the aggregate amount of such compensation is more than $10
000. None of our named executive officers
received any Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation or Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings during the periods presented.

Represents
the only consideration paid to Mr. Toevs or Mr. Tran in cash during the periods presented (other than expenses reimbursed in cash).
The remainder of the consideration set forth above was paid in shares of common stock or options to purchase shares of common stock.
Mr. Toevs and Mr. Tran have not exercised any of the stock options and have only sold a limited number of the shares of common
stock that they were awarded.

Represents
the aggregate grant/issuance date fair value of awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note 1 to our financial
statements included in this Annual Report for assumptions underlying the valuation of equity awards. These amounts do not represent
the actual amounts paid to or realized by any of the Named Executive Officers during the respective periods.

A
total of $33
082 of the compensation due to Mr. Toevs for the year ended January 31
 2016
 was paid to Mr. Toevs by way of the
issuance to Mr. Toevs of 300
749 shares of common stock
 which were valued at $0.11 per share. These shares were issued after
the year ended January 31
 2016. A total of $32
065 of the compensation due to Mr. Toevs for the year ending January 31
 2015
was paid to Mr. Toevs by way of the issuance to Mr. Toevs of 94
309 shares of common stock
 which were valued at $0.34 per share.



    
    




June 30
 2015
 Mr. Toevs was granted stock options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock under the 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan vesting over 4 years with an exercise price of $0.195 per share. In addition
 on June 30
 2015
 options to purchase 1
333
334
shares of common stock held by Mr. Toevs which originally had an exercise price of $0.40 per share
 were re-priced to have an exercise
price of $0.195 per share.

This
amount represents the reimbursement of personal expenses incurred on behalf of the business as outlined in Mr. Toev&rsquo;s employment
agreement such as allowances for retirement funding
 car
 phone and home office expenses.

On
December 4
 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors awarded a bonus of $50
000 to Mr. Toevs for services rendered during the
2015 fiscal year as an officer and director of the Company. The bonus was paid via the issuance of 263
157 shares of common stock
issued pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan and registered with the Commission pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s
Form S-8 Registration Statement
 filed with the Commission on November 13
 2012 and amended on October 17
 2013. The 263
157 shares
were valued at $50
000
 based on the $0.19 per share closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant.

(6)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;On
January 17
 2013
 Mr. Toevs was granted stock options to purchase 1 million shares of common stock under the 2012 Stock Incentive
Plan vesting over 4 years with an exercise price of $0.16 per share. In addition
 on September 10
 2013
 Mr. Toevs was granted
stock options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan vesting over 4 years with an exercise
price of $0.46 per share. The amount set forth in the table above represents the cost to the Company over the vesting life of the
options.

(7)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A
total of $26
012 of the compensation due to Mr. Tran for the year ending January 31
 2016
 was paid to Mr. Tran by way of the issuance
of 236
468 shares of common stock
 which were valued at $0.11 per share. A total of $24
200 of the compensation due to Mr. Tran
for the year ending January 31
 2015
 was paid to Mr. Tran by way of the issuance of 71
176 shares of common stock
 which were
valued at $0.34 per share.


June 30
 2015
 Mr. Tran was granted stock options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan
vesting over 4 years with an exercise price of $0.195 per share. In addition
 on June 30
 2015
 options to purchase 1
333
334 shares
of common stock held by Mr. Tran which originally had an exercise price of $0.40 per share
 were re-priced to have an exercise
price of $0.195 per share.

This
amount represents the reimbursement of personal expenses incurred on behalf of the business as outlined in Mr. Tran&rsquo;s employment
agreement
 such as allowances for retirement funding
 auto and home office expenses.

On
December 4
 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors awarded a bonus of $50
000 to Mr. Tran for services rendered during the
2015 fiscal year as an officer and director of the Company. The bonus was paid via the issuance of 263
157 shares of common stock
issued pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan and registered with the Commission pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s
Form S-8 Registration Statement
 filed with the Commission on November 13
 2012 and amended on October 17
 2013. The 263
157 shares
were valued at $50
000
 based on the $0.19 per share closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant.

(11)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;On
January 17
 2013
 Mr. Tran was granted stock options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock under the 2012 Stock Incentive
Plan vesting over 4 years with an exercise price of $0.16 per share. In addition
 on September 10
 2013
 Mr. Tran was granted stock
options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan vesting over 4 years at a price of $0.46
per share. The amount set forth in the table above represents the cost to the Company over the vesting life of the options.



    
    






summary information regarding compensation of the non-executive members of our Board of Directors who served during any part of
the fiscal year ended January 31
 2016.&nbsp;





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
145
997
413
600
14
476
18
402
592
475

    
    
161
454
420
523
50
000
    
631
977





No

Earnings during the periods presented. Does not include perquisites and other personal benefits
 or property
 unless the aggregate
amount of such compensation is more than $10
000.


in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of awards computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. See Note 1 to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for assumptions underlying the valuation of equity awards.


in this column represent the aggregate issuance date fair value of stock awards computed in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718.


June 30
 2015
 Mr. Marley was granted stock options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock under the 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan vesting over 4 years with an exercise price of $0.195 per share. In addition
 on June 30
 2015
 options to purchase 1
333
334
shares of common stock held by Mr. Marley which originally had an exercise price of $0.40 per share
 were re-priced to have an
exercise price of $0.195 per share.


the value of 131
600 shares of common stock approved for issuance to Mr. Marley by the Board of Directors in consideration for
services rendered during the year ended January 31
 2016.


reimbursements for various expenses and benefits.


January 17
 2013
 Mr. Marley was granted stock options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock under the 2012 Stock Incentive
Plan vesting over 4 years with an exercise price of $0.16 per share. In addition
 on September 10
 2013
 Mr. Marley was granted
stock options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan vesting over 4 years with an exercise
price of $0.46 per share. The amount shown in the table above represents the cost to the Company over the vesting life of the
options. See also footnote 2 for information regarding the repricing of certain of these options.


December 4
 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors awarded a bonus of $50
000 to Mr. Marley for services rendered during
the 2015 fiscal year as Chairman of the Company. The bonus was paid via the issuance of 263
157 shares of common stock issued
pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan and registered with the Commission pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s Form
S-8 Registration Statement
 filed with the Commission on November 13
 2012 and amended on October 17
 2013. The 263
157 shares
were valued at $50
000
 based on the $0.19 per share closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant.


as Chairman of the Board of the Company. For his guidance and direction as Chairman of the Board of the Company
 he is compensated
a fee of $14
476 per month in addition to the occasional grant of the options and issuance of shares of our common stock in the
discretion of the Board.


 Mr. Anh
Tran and Mr. Brent Toevs
 are not compensated for serving on the Board of Directors
 other than through the compensation they receive
as officers of the Company (described above).



    
    



 2015
 our Board of Directors
repriced all unvested options to purchase shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock granted to Mr. Toevs and Mr. Tran in August
2013 under and pursuant to our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
 which originally had an exercise price of $0.46 per share
 to an exercise
price of $0.195 per share
 provided no other terms of the options were changed except for the re-pricing of 1
333
334 of the 2
million options previously granted; and granted to each of Mr. Toevs and Mr. Tran options to purchase 2 million shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.195 per share
 with 666
666 options vesting on June 30
 2016 and 666
667 options vesting
on June 30
 2017 and 2018
 respectively. The Board of Directors also re-confirmed the $10
000 per month compensation payable to
our Chairman
 Rohan Marley
 re-priced Mr. Marley&rsquo;s 1
333
334 unvested stock options granted to Mr. Marley in August 2013
under and pursuant to our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
 to have identical terms as the options held by Mr. Toevs and Mr. Tran which
were re-priced as described above
 and granted Mr. Marley new stock options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock which
have identical terms as the stock options granted to Mr. Toevs and Mr. Tran (described above).


 2016
 the Board of Directors
approved the repricing of options to purchase 6 million shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock originally issued to the Company&rsquo;s
executive officers and directors in June 2015. Specifically
 the Board of Directors approved a change in the exercise price of
such options from $0.195 per share to $0.12 per share
 provided no other terms of the options were changed except for the re-pricing.
As a result of the repricing
 our executive officers and directors
 Brent Toevs
 Anh Tran and Rohan Marley
 each hold options to
purchase 2 million shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share
 with 666
666 options vesting
on June 30
 2016 and 666
667 options vesting on June 30
 2017 and 2018
 respectively.


 on March 29
 2016
 the
Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors awarded a bonus of $50
000 to each of Mr. Toevs
 Mr. Tran and Mr. Marley for services rendered
during the 2017 fiscal year as officers and directors (as applicable) of the Company. The bonus was paid via the issuance of 500
000
shares of common stock issued to each officer and director pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive
Plan and registered with the Commission pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s Form S-8 Registration. The 500
000 shares were valued at
$50
000
 based on the $0.10 per share closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant.




compensation for the Named Executive Officers for 2015
&rdquo;
non-binding stockholder advisory vote held in July 2014 regarding the Named Executive Officers&rsquo; 2014 compensation. The resolution
approving 2014 executive compensation received approval of 34.2% of the total stockholder vote
 including 97.37% of the total number
of stockholders voting at the meeting. The Board of Directors considers the strong stockholder support of our 2014 compensation
policies when making decisions regarding executive compensation.






 2013
 the Company entered
into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer
 Brent Toevs. The Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement amended
 restated and replaced the prior employment agreement of Mr. Toevs effective August 8
 2011. The Amended and
Restated Employment Agreement has a term extending until August 1
 2016.


Employment Agreement provides for him to receive a yearly salary of $192
390
 with ten percent (10%) annual increases; annual bonuses
in the discretion of the Board of Directors; and up to $10
000 per year for contribution
 up to the maximum U.S. Federal amount

the end of each fiscal year upon the satisfaction
 as determined by the Board at its sole discretion
 of performance objectives
as established by the Board on an annual basis. Mr. Toevs is also entitled to receive up to $10
000 per year for contribution
up to the maximum U.S. Federal amount
 to his Individual Retirement Account. Further
 in addition to standard benefits
 the Company
agreed to compensate Mr. Toevs for annual home office costs (equipment
 supplies
 telecommunication costs) in the amount of USD$3
600
fees for fiscal year-end tax preparation and personal financial planning/investment advice in the amount of USD$1
000
 annual mobile
phone and plan expenses in the amount of USD$2
400
 and vehicle expenses (combined lease expense
 gas and maintenance) in the annual
amount of USD$24

000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock in consideration for
agreeing to the terms of the amended agreement and was granted five year options to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.46 per share
 with options to purchase 666
666 shares vesting on August 1
 2014 and options
to purchase 666
667 shares vesting on August 1
 2015 and 2016
 respectively
 subject to the terms of the Company&rsquo;s equity
incentive plans.



    
    



employment by the Company without cause or by Mr. Toevs for good reason (each as described in the agreement)
 the Company agreed
to pay Mr. Toevs
 in addition to all other compensation which he would be due
 twelve months of salary under the agreement as severance
pay (or such lesser amount of months then left on the term)
 and that all unvested options would vest to Mr. Toevs immediately.
In the event of the termination of the agreement by the Company without cause or by Mr. Toevs for good reason
 the non-compete
and non-solicitation provisions (described below) of the agreement terminate and are of no force or effect. In the event of the
termination of Mr. Toevs&rsquo; employment due to his death or by the Company with cause (as described in the agreement)
 the Company
agreed to pay Mr. Toevs
 in addition to all other compensation which he would be due
 six months of salary under the agreement
as severance pay (or such lesser amount of months then left on the term)
 and that any unvested options would be forfeited upon
such termination date. In the event of the termination of Mr. Toevs&rsquo; employment either six months prior to or six months
after a change of control (as defined and described in the agreement)
 Mr. Toevs is to receive all consideration due to him as
of the date of termination of the employment agreement plus
 as a severance payment
 all salary due to him had the employment agreement
extended until the end of the stated term
 any unvested options shall vest immediately
 Mr. Toevs is to receive a cash payment
equal to the value of any previously expired options
 and the non-compete and non-solicitation provisions of the agreement terminate
and are of no force or effect. In the event the agreement is terminated due to Mr. Toevs&rsquo; disability
 Mr. Toevs is to receive
compensation due to him through the date of termination.


 Mr. Toevs
agreed to not compete against the Company for a period of one year following the termination of the agreement and to not solicit
employees of the Company for two years following the termination of the agreement.



On
September 10
 2013
 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with its President and Chief Operating
Officer
 Anh Tran. The Amended and Restated Employment Agreement amended
 restated and replaced the prior employment agreement
of Mr. Tran effective August 5
 2011. The Amended and Restated Employment Agreement has a term extending until August 1
 2016.


receive an annual salary of $120
000
 less ordinary withholdings
 with a ten percent (10%) annual incremental increase
 subject
to change from time to time as the Board or a compensation committee of the Board may determine and approve. Mr. Tran may also
receive a cash bonus following the end of each fiscal year upon the satisfaction
 as determined by the Board at its sole discretion
of performance objectives as established by the Board on an annual basis. Mr. Tran is also entitled to receive up to $10
000 per
year for contribution
 up to the maximum U.S. Federal amount
 to his Individual Retirement Account. In addition to standard benefits
the Company agreed to pay Mr. Tran for the costs of maintaining a home office (equipment
 supplies
 and telecommunication costs)
and for a mobile phone and plan. In the event of termination of Mr. Tran&rsquo;s employment by the Company without cause or Mr.
Tran for good reason (as described in the agreement)
 the Company agreed to pay Mr. Tran
 in addition to all other compensation
which he would be due
 two months of salary under the agreement as severance pay (or such lesser amount of months then left on
the term).


000 shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock in consideration for agreeing to the terms of the amended agreement and was granted five year
options to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.46 per share
 with options
to purchase 666
666 shares vesting on August 1
 2014 and options to purchase 666
667 shares vesting on August 1
 2015 and 2016
respectively
 subject to the terms of the Company&rsquo;s equity incentive plans.



    
    



employment by the Company without cause or by Mr. Tran for good reason (each as described in the agreement)
 the Company agreed
to pay Mr. Tran
 in addition to all other compensation which he would be due
 twelve months of salary under the agreement as severance
pay (or such lesser amount of months then left on the term)
 and that all unvested options would vest to Mr. Tran immediately.
In the event of the termination of the agreement by the Company without cause or by Mr. Tran for good reason
 the non-compete and
non-solicitation provisions of the agreement (described below) terminate and are of no force or effect. In the event of the termination
of Mr. Tran&rsquo;s employment due to his death or by the Company with cause (as described in the agreement)
 the Company agreed
to pay Mr. Tran
 in addition to all other compensation which he would be due
 six months of salary under the agreement as severance
pay (or such lesser amount of months then left on the term)
 and that any unvested options would be forfeited upon such termination
date. In the event of the termination of Mr. Tran&rsquo;s employment either six months prior to or six months after a change of
control (as defined and described in the agreement)
 Mr. Tran is to receive all consideration due to him as of the date of termination
of the employment agreement plus
 as a severance payment
 all salary due to him had the employment agreement extended until the
end of the stated term
 any unvested options vest immediately to Mr. Tran
 Mr. Tran is to receive a cash payment equal to the value
of any previously expired options
 and the non-compete and non-solicitation provisions of the agreement terminate and are of no
force or effect. In the event the agreement is terminated due to Mr. Tran&rsquo;s disability
 Mr. Tran is to receive compensation
due to him through the date of termination.


 Mr. Tran agreed
to not compete against the Company for a period of one year following the termination of the agreement and to not solicit employees
of the Company for two years following the termination of the agreement.




information regarding unexercised stock options outstanding as of January 31
 2016 for each of the Named Officers.



    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
333
333
    
    
    

    
1
000
000
    
    
    

    
666
666
    
    
    

    
666
667
666
667
    
    

    
    
2
000
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
666
667
    
    
    

    
2
000
000
    
    
    

    
666
666
    
    
    

    
666
667
666
667
    
    

    
    
2
000
000
    
    







    
    
The options vest on August 1
 2016.

    
    
        
    

        per year on June 30




    
    







compensation given to our executive officers in its sole determination. Our Board of Directors also reserves the right to pay our
executives a salary
 and/or issue them shares of common stock in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive
bonuses which are linked to our performance
 as well as to the individual executive officer&rsquo;s performance. This package may
also include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives which is intended to align the performance of our executives
with our long-term business strategies.




bonuses to our executive officers in its sole discretion
 if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company&rsquo;s
best interest
 after analyzing our current business objectives and growth
 if any
 and the amount of revenue we are able to generate
each month
 which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives.

Long-term
 Stock Based Compensation


 retain and motivate
executive talent necessary to support the Company&rsquo;s long-term business strategy we may award certain executives with long-term
stock-based compensation in the future
 in the sole discretion of our Board of Directors.




qualified executives and employees to positively contribute to the success of the Company for the benefit of its various stakeholders
the most important of which is its stockholders
 but also including its officers
 employees
 and the communities in which the Company
operates.


compensation levels for the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and President) and the Company (in establishing compensation
levels for other executives) may consider many factors
 including
 but not limited to
 the individual&rsquo;s abilities and performance
that results in: the advancement of corporate goals of the Company
 execution of the Company&rsquo;s business strategies
 contributions
to positive financial results
 and contributions to the development of the management team and other employees. In determining
compensation levels
 the Board of Directors may also consider the experience level of each particular individual and/or the compensation
level of executives in similarly situated companies in our industry.


are generally reviewed annually
 but may be reviewed more often as deemed appropriate.



Criteria
for Compensation Levels
&rdquo; for all employees
of the Company (set forth below).




is as follows:



    
    
    




    
    
The Company&rsquo;s compensation plans will be strategy-focused
 competitive
 and recognize and reward individual and group contributions and results. The Company&rsquo;s compensation plans will strive to promote an alignment of the interests of employees with the interests of the stockholders by having a portion of compensation based on financial results and actions that will generate future stockholder value.




    
    




    
    
In order to reward financial performance over time
 the Company&rsquo;s compensation programs generally will consist of base compensation
 and may also consist of short-term variable incentives and long-term variable incentives
 as appropriate.




    
    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially
more than five percent (5%) of our outstanding voting stock; (ii) each of our directors; (iii) each of our executive officers;
and (iv) all of our current executive officers and directors as a group
 as of May 3
 2016.


accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and/or investing power with respect to securities. These rules generally
provide that shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants or other convertible securities that are currently exercisable
or convertible
 or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of May 3
 2016
 are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially
owned by the person or group holding such options
 warrants or other convertible securities for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of such person or group
 but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person or group.


 except as indicated in the footnotes to
this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws
 (a) the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them
 subject to applicable community property
laws; and (b) no person owns more than 5% of our common stock. Unless otherwise indicated
 the address for each of the officers
or directors listed in the table below is 4730 Tejon St.
 Denver
 Colorado 80211.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
19
498
632
    

    
    
7
890
256
    

    
    
5
687
274
    

    
    
    
    

    
33
076
162
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
14
296
225 
    







134
439 shares
outstanding as of&nbsp;May 3
 2016
 which number does not include the 250
000 shares agreed to be issued to Duck Duck which
had not been issued as of May 3
 2016.


outstanding common stock.



    
    



1)
Includes 2
000
000 shares held by Marley Coffee
 LLC
 which shares Mr. Marley is deemed to beneficially own. Includes options
to purchase 4
516
666 shares of common stock which have vested to Mr. Marley to date
 including options to purchase (a) 666
667
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.40 per share
 which expire if unexercised on August 5
 2017; (b) 666
667 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $0.195 per share
 which expire if unexercised on September 10
 2018; (c) options to purchase
1
850
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.16 per share
 which expire if unexercised on January 17
 2018; (d)
options to purchase 666
666 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.46 per share
 which expire if unexercised on September
10
 2018; and (e) options to purchase 666
666 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share
 which expire if
unexercised on June 30
 2020. Does not include various other options which have not vested as of the date of this report and will
not vest within the next 60 days.

(2)
Includes options to purchase 4
666
666 shares of common stock which have vested to Mr. Tran to date
 including options to purchase
(a) 666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.40 per share
 which expire if unexercised on August 5
 2017; (b)
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.195 per share
 which expire if unexercised on September 10
 2018; (c)
options to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.16 per share
 which expire if unexercised on January
17
 2018; (d) options to purchase 666
666 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.46 per share
 which expire if unexercised
on September 10
 2018; and (e) options to purchase 666
666 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share
 which
expire if unexercised on June 30
 2020. Does not include various other options which have not vested as of the date of this report
and will not vest within the next 60 days.

(3)
Includes options to purchase 3
333
332 shares of common stock which have vested to Mr. Toevs to date
 including options to purchase
(a) 333
333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.40 per share
 which expire if unexercised on August 10
 2017; (b)
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.195 per share
 which expire if unexercised on September 10
 2018; (c)
options to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.16 per share
 which expire if unexercised on January
17
 2018; (d) options to purchase 666
666 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.46 per share
 which expire if unexercised
on September 10
 2018; and (e) options to purchase 666
666 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share
 which
expire if unexercised on June 30
 2020. Does not include various other options which have not vested as of the date of this report
and will not vest within the next 60 days.



by Mother Parkers Tea &amp; Coffee Inc. are Paul Higgins
 Jr. and Michael Higgins
 its Co-Chief Executive Officers. The address
of Mother Parkers Tea &amp; Coffee Inc. is 2531 Stanfield Road
 Mississauga
 Ontario L4Y 1S4.


333
529
shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 7
333
529 shares of our common stock
 the warrants have an exercise price of
$0.51135 per share
 a term of three years and prohibit Mother Parkers Tea &amp; Coffee Inc. from exercising such warrants to the
extent such exercise would result in the beneficial ownership of more than 9.99% of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 subject to

Limitation
above takes into account the Mother Parker&rsquo;s Ownership Limitation
 and does not include 1
683
529 shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants
 which if exercised by Mother Parkers Tea &amp; Coffee Inc. would exceed the Mother Parker&rsquo;s
Ownership Limitation.



    
    





which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company.





    
    

        
        
        
outstanding&nbsp;options
&nbsp;
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
outstanding&nbsp;options
&nbsp;
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
440
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
231
741
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
333
333
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
440
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
565
074
    







 2011
 the Board of Directors
&rdquo;). The 2011 Plan authorizes the issuance
of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 performance shares
and other securities as described in greater detail in the 2011 Plan
 to the Company&rsquo;s employees
 officers
 directors and
consultants. A total of 20
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2011 Plan
 which has not been approved by the stockholders
of the Company to date
 and as of the date of this filing
 a total of 16
333
333 shares are available for issuance under the 2011
Plan.




 2012
 the Board of Directors
approved the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated on September 19
 2013 (as amended and restated
&rdquo;). The 2012 Plan authorizes the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive
or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities
as described in greater detail in the 2012 Plan
 to the Company&rsquo;s employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. A total
of 12
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2012 Plan
 which has been approved by the stockholders of the Company
and as of the date of this filing
 a total of 436
907 shares are available for issuance under the 2012 Plan.



    
    





 2013
 the Board of Directors
&rdquo;). The 2013 Plan authorizes the issuance
of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities as described in greater detail in the 2013 Plan
 to the Company&rsquo;s
employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. A total of 12
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2013 Plan
 which
has been approved by the stockholders of the Company to date
 and as of the date of this filing
 a total of 1
717
652 shares are
available for issuance under the 2013 Plan.




 2015
 our Board of Directors
approved and adopted the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated by the Board of Directors on
March 10
 2016 (the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
&rdquo;). The sole amendment to
the 2015 Plan which was affected by the entry into the amended and restated plan was to clarify and confirm that no awards under
the 2015 Plan can be issued or granted to any person under the 2015 Plan in connection with
 or in consideration for
 the offer
or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction
 or where such services directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market
for the Company&rsquo;s securities. The 2015 Plan authorizes the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive
or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities
as described in greater detail in the 2015 Plan
 to the Company&rsquo;s employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. Subject
to adjustment in connection with the payment of a stock dividend
 a stock split or subdivision or combination of the shares of
common stock
 or a reorganization or reclassification of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 the maximum aggregate number of shares
of common stock which may be issued pursuant to awards under the 2015 Plan is 17
500
000 shares
 and as of the date of this filing
a total of 8
927
182 shares are available for issuance under the 2015 Plan.




of Directors in its discretion. The Board of Directors interprets the Plans and has broad discretion to select the eligible persons
to whom awards will be granted
 as well as the type
 size and terms and conditions of each award
 including the exercise price
of stock options
 the number of shares subject to awards
 the expiration date of awards
 and the vesting schedule or other restrictions
applicable to awards.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


&rdquo;
 the following sets forth a summary of all transactions
since the beginning of the fiscal year of 2015
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which the Company was to be a participant
and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average of the Company&rsquo;s total assets
at the fiscal year-end for 2016 and 2015
 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest
&rdquo;). We believe the terms obtained or
consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms
available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in arm&rsquo;s-length transactions.


 Ltd.; Other Related Parties


 2016
and 2015
 respectively there are licensing fees accrued and payable of $260
496 and $265
960 to Fifty-Six Hope Road
 for the license
to use of the name &ldquo;Marley Coffee&rdquo;. From inception to January 31
 2016
 the Company has incurred royalties of $689
194
to Fifty-Six Hope Road.



    
    



 2016
and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $602
191 and $764
598
 respectively
 from Marley Coffee Ltd. (&ldquo;MC&rdquo;) a producer
of Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee that the Company purchases in the normal course of its business. The Company&rsquo;s Chairman
Rohan Marley
 is an owner of approximately 25% of the equity of MC.


796 and
$34
348 in rebates from MC during the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 on the Jamaican green coffee purchased.
There were no rebates in the prior year. From our inception in 2011 to January 31
 2016
 the Company has made purchases of $2
938
886
after credits and rebates from MC. The Company directs these purchases to third-party roasters for fulfillment of sales orders.
MC was created in order to have a license to buy and sell Jamaican Blue Mountain (JBM) Coffee. We buy JBM coffee at the most favorable
market rate in the market. For the majority of transactions
 we buy raw unroasted beans from MC and then resell them to customers
around the world. From time to time
 it is more economically favorable for the Company to allow MC to sell to our customers directly
and then receive a rebate. The Company directs these purchases to third-party roasters for fulfillment of sales orders.


entities which are licensees of Hope Road Merchandising
 LLC a company in which Rohan Marley is a beneficiary. During the years
ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $11
833 and $40
798
 respectively
 from House of Marley. House of
Marley produces headphones and speakers that the Company uses for promotions and trade shows. During the years ended January 31
2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $6
411 and $47
 respectively from Zion Rootswear. For the years ended January 31
2016 and 2015
 the Company has made purchases of $0 and $278 from Tuff Gong International. The purchases from Tuff Gong International
and Zion Rootswear were for Bob Marley apparel and gifts that were used for marketing and promotions purposes.


parties for the period ending January 31
 2016 of $1
408 to Island Records
 $860 to Delivery Agent (for product that is sold on
the Bob Marley Website) and $539 to Zion Rootswear. For the year ending January 31
 2015 the Company has made sales to the following
related parties $3
780 to Homemedics
 $1
980 to Zion Rootswear
 and $646 to Bravado International. All of the companies above are
licensees of Hope Road Merchandising
 LLC
 a company in which Rohan Marley is a beneficiary.


 2016
and 2015
 the Company paid Rohan Marley Enterprises and Rohan Marley $178
875 and $211
454
 respectively
 for directors consulting
fees
 stock salary and bonus and expense reimbursements. The January 31
 2016 total included $164
399 in cash payments and $14
476
in accrued director&rsquo;s fees paid in February 2016. The January 31
 2015 total included $161
454 in cash payments and $50
000
in stock bonus paid. The Company has paid Rohan Marley Enterprises $385
439 and Rohan Marley $106
335 for a total of $491
774 from
inception to January 31
 2016
 for director&rsquo;s fees and expense reimbursements. Rohan Marley Enterprises is the personal S-Corporation
of Rohan Marley which he uses to record all of his business transactions.


prior years was $7
500 in December 2013 for improvements on the Marley Farm.


31
 2016 is $2
053
298 and at January 31
 2015 $1
675
102 was due to Mother Parkers for coffee purchases. The total accounts receivable
due from Mother Parkers for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 is $318
934 and $323
326
 respectively.


 2016
and 2015
 the Company paid Sondra Toevs $7
242 and $18
416
 respectively
 and Ellie Toevs $4
431 and $6
231
 respectively
 for
part-time employment. Sondra Toevs is the wife of the CEO
 Brent Toevs
 and Ellie Toevs is the daughter of Mr. Toevs.&nbsp;




 2014
 we entered into a
&rdquo;).
Pursuant to the Subscription
 Mother Parkers purchased 7
333
529 units from the Company
 each consisting of (a) one share of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock
&rdquo;); and (b) one (1) warrant to purchase
&rdquo; and collectively with the Shares
&rdquo;)
at a price per Unit equal to the fifty day weighted-average price per share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the OTCQB market
for the fifty trading days ending March 7
 2014 (the date the parties first discussed the transactions contemplated by the Subscription)
&rdquo;). The total purchase price paid for the Units was $2
500
000. As a result
of the Subscription
 Mother Parkers became a greater than 5% stockholder of the Company.



    
    



 we provided
Mother Parkers a right of first refusal for a period of two (2) years following the Subscription
 to purchase up to 10% of any
securities (common stock
 options or warrants exercisable for common stock) we propose to offer and sell in a public or private
&rdquo;)
 exercisable for 48 hours from the time we provide Mother Parkers notice
of such proposed sale of ROFO Securities (subject where applicable to Mother Parkers meeting any prerequisites to participation
in the offering). The right of first refusal does not apply to the issuance of (a) shares of common stock or options to employees
officers
 directors or consultants of the Company in consideration for services
 (b) securities exercisable or exchangeable for
or convertible into shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the date of the Subscription
 (c) securities issued pursuant
to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by the directors of the Company
 provided that any such issuance shall provide
to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds
 but shall not include a transaction in which the Company
is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
 and (d) any debt securities (other than any debt securities
exchangeable for or convertible into shares of common stock). The right of first refusal is not assignable and expires upon the
first to occur of two (2) years following the date of the Subscription and the date Mother Parkers enters into or takes certain
bankruptcy related actions.


to 150% of the Per Unit Price ($0.51135 per share)
 a term of three years and prohibit Mother Parkers from exercising such Warrants
to the extent such exercise would result in the beneficial ownership of more than 9.99% of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 subject
to Mother Parkers&rsquo; right to waive such limitation with 61 days&rsquo; prior written notice.


two main suppliers of coffee products and the Company is currently subject to a license agreement with Mother Parkers (described
below). Purchases from Mother Parkers accounted for approximately 60% of total coffee vendor purchases of the Company for the fiscal
year ended January 31
 2016 and approximately 60% of total purchases for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2015. Additionally
during the fiscal years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 Mother Parkers coffee purchases accounted for approximately 17% and 16%
of our revenues
 respectively.


 2014
 we entered into
&rdquo;)
 which amended and restated
a prior license agreement entered into between the parties in October 2011. Pursuant to the MP Agreement
 the Company granted Mother
Parkers the exclusive right to manufacture
 process
 package
 label
 distribute and sell single serve hard capsules (which excludes
&rdquo;) on behalf of the Company in Canada
 the United States of America and
Mexico. The rights granted under the MP Agreement are subject to certain terms and conditions of our FSHR License Agreement (defined
&rdquo;
 pursuant to which we have a worldwide
 exclusive
non-transferable license to utilize certain of the &ldquo;


 Mother
Parkers is required to
 among other things
 supply all ingredients and materials
 labor
 manufacturing equipment and other resources
necessary to manufacture and package the Product
 develop coffee blends set forth in specifications provided by the Company from
time to time
 procure coffee beans in the open market (or from the Company&rsquo;s designee) at favorable prices
 set prices for
the Product in a manner that is competitive in the market place and deliver Product logo/brand designs to the Company for approval
prior to manufacturing any such Product. We are required to
 among other things
 cross-promote the Product
 use Product images
and marketing materials provided by Mother Parkers to promote the Product
 and provide the services of Rohan Marley (our Chairman)
at a minimum of five locations per year at the Company&rsquo;s sole cost and expense. There are no minimum volume or delivery requirements
under the MP Agreement. Pursuant to the MP Agreement
 Mother Parkers agreed to pay us a fee of $0.06 per capsule for Talkin&rsquo;
Blues products and $0.04 per capsule for all other Product sold under the agreement
 which payments are due in monthly installments.



    
    



provided that it automatically renews thereafter for additional one year periods if not terminated by the parties
 provided further
that we are not able to terminate the agreement within the first 12 months of the term of the agreement and if we terminate the
agreement or take any action that lessens or diminishes Mother Parkers&rsquo; exclusive rights under the agreement during months
12 through 36 of the agreement
 we are required to pay Mother Parkers a fee of $600
000 and reimburse Mother Parkers for any out
of pocket costs incurred by Mother Parkers for inventory and other materials that are unsalable or unusable after such termination.
Notwithstanding the requirements above
 either party may terminate the agreement at any time (a) upon the default of the agreement
by the other party
 if such default is not cured within 30 days (45 days if the default is not capable of being cured within 30
days and 10 days in the event the default relates to non-payment of fees due) after written notice thereof is provided by the non-defaulting
party; or (b) upon the bankruptcy or similar proceeding involving the other party
 the dissolution or liquidation of the other
party
 a seizure or attachment of the other party&rsquo;s property or assets
 or the commencement of litigation proceedings involving
Mother Parkers&rsquo; use of the Trademarks (which right to termination is in favor of Mother Parkers only). Additionally
 Mother
Parkers has the right to terminate the agreement at any time for any reason with 90 days&rsquo; prior written notice. In the event
of the termination of the agreement for any reason
 we are required to purchase any and all unsold Products (including raw or packaged
materials) from Mother Parkers.


from the Company&rsquo;s act or omission
 we are required to pay all costs and expenses associated with such recall. The MP Agreement
requires that the parties review the terms and conditions of the agreement on a yearly basis. Additionally
 the agreement requires
that Mother Parkers allocate $100
000 annually to be used for marketing activities mutually agreed to by Mother Parkers and the
Company.


and indemnification requirements and covenants typical of agreements similar to the MP Agreement.


to Mother Parkers for accounts payable is $2.05 million as of January 31
 2016
 and the total due from Mother Parkers is $318
934
as of January 31
 2016.




 2012
 the Company entered
into a fifteen (15) year license agreement (renewable for two additional fifteen (15) year terms thereafter in the option of the
Company) with an effective date of August 7
 2012 with Fifty-Six Hope Road Music Limited
 a Bahamas international business company
&rdquo;). Rohan Marley
 our Chairman
 owns
an interest in and serves as a director of Fifty-Six Hope Road. Pursuant to the FSHR License Agreement
 Fifty-Six Hope Road granted
the Company a worldwide
 exclusive
&rdquo; trademarks (the
&rdquo;) in connection with (i) the manufacturing
 advertising
 promotion
 sale
 offering for sale and
distribution of coffee in all its forms and derivations
 regardless of portions

Products
 coffee production services
 and coffee sales
 supply
 distribution and
support services
 provided that the Company may not open retail coffee houses utilizing the Trademarks. Fifty-Six Hope Road owns
and controls the intellectual property rights in and to the late reggae performer
 Robert Nesta Marley
 professionally known as
Bob Marley
 including the Trademarks. In addition
 Fifty-Six Hope Road granted the Company the right to use the Trademarks on advertising
and promotional materials that pertain solely to the sale of coffee cups
 coffee mugs
 coffee glasses
 saucers
 milk steamers
machines for brewing coffee
 espresso and/or cappuccino
 grinders
 water treatment products
 tea products
 chocolate products
&rdquo;
 and together with the Exclusive
Licensed Products
&rdquo;). Licensed Products may be sold by the Company pursuant to the FSHR
License Agreement through all channels of distribution
 provided that
 subject to certain exceptions
 the Company cannot sell the
Licensed Products by direct marketing methods (other than the Company&rsquo;s website)
 including television
 infomercials or direct
mail without the prior written consent of Fifty-Six Hope Road. Additionally
 FSHR has the right to approve all Licensed Products
all advertisements in connection therewith and all product designs and packaging. The agreement also provides that FSHR shall own
all rights to any domain names (including marleycoffee.com) incorporating the Trademarks.


the Company agreed to pay royalties to Fifty-Six Hope Road in an amount equal to 3% of the net sales of all Licensed Products on
a quarterly basis. In addition
 such royalty payments are to be deferred during the first 20 months of the term of the FSHR License
Agreement
 and such deferred payments shall be paid on a quarterly-basis thereafter until paid in full. At January 31
 2016
 $264
670
is owed in connection with such royalty fees.



    
    



and replaced the trademark license agreement dated March 31
 2010
 as amended on August 5
 2011
 between the Company and MCL
 pursuant
to which MCL granted the Company an exclusive
&rdquo;).
Previously
 in connection with the MCL License Agreement
 Fifty-Six Hope Road had granted a worldwide
 exclusive
 terminable oral
license to MCL to utilize the Trademarks and further granted the right for MCL to grant to the Company an exclusive
 terminable
sub-license to use the Trademarks. As part of the consideration provided by the Company to MCL pursuant to the terms of the MCL
License Agreement
 effective March 31
 2010
 the Company agreed to issue to MCL 10
000
000 shares of common stock of the Company
as follows: 1
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock upon execution of such Agreement
 and an additional 1
000
000
shares of common stock on each anniversary of the execution of the Trademark License Agreement for the following nine years
 through
March 31
 2019. As of December 2012
 the Company had issued a total of 2
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock to
MCL.


FSHR License Agreement
 the Company and MCL entered into a letter agreement dated as of September 13

Agreement
requirement for termination thereunder. The MCL Termination Agreement stated that all of the Company&rsquo;s obligations under
the MCL Trademarks License Agreement were terminated except that the Company remained obligated to: (i) issue to MCL the 1 million
shares of its common stock which were due to MCL on the March 31
 2012 anniversary of the MCL License Agreement
 provided that
subsequent to the date of the MCL Termination Agreement
 MCL verbally agreed to forego and release the Company from its obligation
to issue the 1 million additional shares which were never issued
 and (ii) repay the remaining outstanding debt obligation of $19
715
in monthly installments with the final installment to be paid in February 2013
 which has been paid to date.






 Mr. Toevs was co-founder
&rdquo;). On April 25
 2011
 the Company entered into
&rdquo;) with NCSV. Pursuant to the NCSV Agreement
&rdquo; brand roasted coffee
&rdquo;) in the office coffee vending
 office products
 water
 and other industries


 we share net
profits generated by this agreement with NCSV on a 60/40 basis (with 60% of such net profits being provided to the Company).


 NCSV
is responsible for marketing and distributing Products and we agreed to refer all inquiries for purchase of the Products to NCSV
(subject to small quantities of Products being referred to separate sub-agents). We also agreed not to compete with NCSV for sales
and to refer to NCSV any sales relating to the Products and channels covered by the NCSV Agreement.


until April 25
 2014
 and automatically renewed for an additional two-year period and will continue to do so thereafter on a rolling
basis
 unless terminated by either party at least 30 days prior to the end of such applicable renewal term. The NCSV Agreement
can be terminated in the event of a breach of the NCSV Agreement (by the non-breaching party) or if the terminating party pays
the non-terminating party a lump sum equal to the estimated net profit which would have been due to the non-terminating party if
the NCSV Agreement had remained in effect for an additional 24 months from the termination date of the NCSV Agreement (based on
the prior 12 months&rsquo; net profit).

Review
 Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions


resources
 we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review
 approval or ratification of transactions
 such as
those described above
 with our executive officers
 directors and significant stockholders. However
 all of the transactions described
above were approved and ratified by the Board of Directors and one or more officers of the Company. In connection with the approval
of the transactions described above
 the Board of Directors took into account several factors
 including its fiduciary duty to
the Company; the relationships of the related parties described above to the Company; the material facts underlying each transaction;
the anticipated benefits to the Company and related costs associated with such benefits; whether comparable products or services
were available; and the terms the Company could receive from an unrelated third party.



    
    





on the OTCQB and we are not required to have independent members of our Board of Directors. We do not identify any of our directors
as being independent.


 we do not currently
have a separately designated audit
 nominating or compensation committee.





Our
Board of Directors approves in advance the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders audit and
non-audit services.




aggregate fees incurred for services performed during our last two fiscal years
 all of which were approved by our Board of Directors.



    
    
Fiscal Year Ended January&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
&nbsp;81
000 
    
    
98
954

    
    
    
&nbsp;2
500 
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
&nbsp;83
500
    
    
    
98
954




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


:
None.

We
do not use the auditors for financial information system design and implementation. Such services
 which include designing or implementing
a system that aggregates source data underlying the financial statements or that generates information that is significant to our
financial statements
 are provided internally or by other service providers. We do not engage the auditors to provide compliance
outsourcing services.

The
Board of Directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by Squar&nbsp;and believes that the provision of services
for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining Squar&rsquo;s independence.



    
    





that all services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm
 including audit services and permitted audit-related
and non-audit services
 must be pre-approved by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors pre-approved all services
 audit
and non-audit related
 provided to us by our independent auditors for fiscal 2016 and 2015.


    
    




ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

(a)
Documents filed as part of this report



    
All
    financial statements




Index
    to Financial Statements
    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

Balance
    Sheets as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
    
    

Statements
    of Operations for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
    
    

Statements
    of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
    
    

Statements
    of Cash Flows for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
    
    

Notes
    to Financial Statements
    
    



Financial
Statement Schedules


All
financial statement schedules have been omitted
 since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts
sufficient to require submission of the schedule
 or because the information required is included in the financial statements
and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K.


Exhibits
required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K


The
information required by this Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is set forth on the exhibit index that follows the Signatures page of this
Form 10-K.



    
    


INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




    
    

    
    

Report of Independent Registered Public
    Accounting Firm
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of January 31
 2016
    and January 31
 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Operations for the Years
    Ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
    for the Years Ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
    Ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
    

    
    

    
    




    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Jammin Java Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Jammin
Java Corp. as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 1 under &ldquo;Basis of Presentation
&rdquo; the Company has incurred operating losses from inception
 has
an accumulated deficit approximating $29
246
000 at January 31
 2016
 and has not sufficiently increased its revenues to
offset its operating expenses. In addition
 as more fully discussed in Notes 1 and 13
 the Company is a co-defendant in a
complaint from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Whereas the ultimate outcome of such matter is not presently known
 an
adverse outcome
 if any
 could have a detrimental material impact in the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and operations
including the Company&rsquo;s ability to retain its Marley license. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt
about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/
Squar Milner LLP (formerly SQUAR
 MILNER
 PETERSON
 MIRANDA &amp; WILLIAMSON
 LLP)&nbsp;
Newport
Beach
 California&nbsp;
May
6
 2016



    
    


JAMMIN
JAVA CORP.



    
    
    

    
January 31

January 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
231
021
443
189


 net
1
415
559
1
154
252

    
    
197
581

    
30
171
18
986

    
8
000
3
784

    
1
684
751
1
817
792

    
    
    


 net
187
838
381
248


 net
593
325
734
753

    
23
567
23
567

    
2
489
481
2
957
360

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
527
083
2
492
900

    
497
431
477
229

    
84
174
81
078


 net of discounts
1
029
558
    

    
778
951
    

    
    
    

    
5
917
197
3
051
207

    
    
    

    
5
917
197
3
051
207

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.001 par value
 5
112
861
525&nbsp; shares authorized; 126
455
312 and 124
691
748&nbsp; shares issued and outstanding
 as of January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
 respectively
126
455
124
692

    
25
691
579
23
825
294

    
(29
245
750
(24
043
833

    
(3
427
716
(93
847

    
    
    

    
2
489
481
2
957
360


See
accompanying notes to financial statements



    
    


JAMMIN
JAVA CORP.



    
    
    

    
Years&nbsp;&nbsp;Ended January 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
312
620
9
569
791

    
(1
114
015
(668
424

    
11
198
605
8
901
367

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
025
368
6
955
321

    
8
025
368
6
955
321

    
    
    

    
3
173
237
1
946
046

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
708
352
4
465
889

    
2
688
117
3
150
274

    
1
594
808
2
807
296

    
7
991
277
10
423
459

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(225
783
    

    
    
(1
799
543

    
(7
796
    

    
(150
298
(4
029

    
(383
877
(1
803
572

    
    
    

    
(5
201
917
(10
280
985

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
125
504
494
120
201
082


See
accompanying notes to financial statements



    
    


JAMMIN
JAVA CORP. 



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 31
 2014
104
085
210
103
166
208
039
16
514
630
(13
762
848
2
854
948

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
764
356
1
764
    
425
678
    
427
442

    
7
333
529
7
334
    
2
492
666
    
2
500
000

    
12
219
871
12
220
    
2
527
533
    
2
539
753

    
158
039
    
(158
039
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
(50
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
864
995
    
1
864
995

    
(919
257
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(10
280
985
(10
280
985


 2015
124
691
748
124
692
    
23
825
294
(24
043
833
(93
847

    
(130
480
    
    
(49
869
    
(50
000

    
1
894
044
1
894
    
202
390
    
204
284

    
    
    
    
1
713
764
    
1
713
764

    
    
    
    
    
(5
201
917
(5
201
917


 2016
126
455
312
126
455
    
25
691
579
(29
245
750
(3
427
716


(1) Shares were issued
as consideration for a consulting agreement that was subsequently rescinded and the shares were returned in March 2014.&nbsp;No
amount has been recorded to common stock or additional paid-in capital for these shares due to the rescission been recorded related
to common stock or additional paid-in capital for these shares due to the rescission.

See
accompanying notes to financial statements



    
    


JAMMIN
JAVA CORP.



    
    
    

    
Years Ended January 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(5
201
917
(10
280
985

    
    
    

    
204
284
427
442

    
1
713
764
1
864
995

    
176
884
115
372

    
    
100
000

    
111
773
57
935

    
(37
463
    

    
7
796
    

    
    
1
957
312

    
    
    

    
(311
307
(68
305

    
    
2
724

    
197
581
157
351

    
(15
401
1
182
574

    
    
(7
851

    
1
034
183
1
311
390

    
20
202
353
373

    
    
    

    
3
096
(138
721

    
(2
096
525
(2
965
394

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(46
181
    

    
129
825
56
426

    
83
644
56
426

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
500
000

    
1
800
713
(4
965

    
1
800
713
2
495
035

    
    
    

    
(212
168
(413
933

    
443
189
857
122

    
231
021
443
189

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
539
753

    
4
400
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements



    
    


NOTE 1&mdash;NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


or &ldquo;Jammin Java&rdquo;)
 operates as a United States (U.S.) based company providing premium roasted coffee on a wholesale
level to the grocery
 retail
 online
 service
 hospitality
 office coffee service and big box store industry. Through the use of
our roaster distributor relationships
 we have the exclusive right to manufacture and market our coffee lines to gourmet
 natural
and independent grocery markets in the U.S.
 Canada
 Mexico and the Caribbean and the non-exclusive right worldwide.


 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;Jammin Java&rdquo; and &ldquo;Company&rdquo; mean Jammin Java Corp.
 unless otherwise
indicated. All dollar amounts in these financial statements are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated.

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

statements. Such financial statements and related notes are the representations of our management
 who are responsible for their
integrity and objectivity. In the opinion of management
 these accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) in all material respects
 and have been consistently applied in preparing
the accompanying financial statements.

 These financial
statements have been prepared by management assuming that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern and realize its
assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. However
 certain conditions noted below currently exist
which raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments to the amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern.


201
917
and $10
280
985 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and has an accumulated deficit of $29
245
750 at January
31
 2016. In addition to the Company&rsquo;s recent history of losses
 the Company has only recently begun to generate revenue
as part of its principal operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as
a going concern. Further
 the operations of the Company have primarily been funded by the issuance of common stock and debt. In
order for us to conduct our business for the next twelve months and to continue operations thereafter and be able to discharge
our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business
 we must increase sales
 reduce operating expenses
 and potentially
raise additional funds
 through either debt and/or equity financing to meet our working capital needs. No assurance can be given
that additional financing will be available
 or if available
 will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital
is not available
 the Company may be required to curtail its operations.


Company&rsquo;s ability to meet its obligations in the ordinary course of business is dependent upon its ability to sell its
products directly to end-users and through distributors
 establish profitable operations through increased sales and
decreased expenses
 and obtain additional funds when needed. Management intends to increase sales by increasing the
Company&rsquo;s product offerings
 expanding its direct sales force and expanding its domestic and international distributor
relationships. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the Commission to settle the claims made by the
Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be approved or
accepted. In the event the Company were to have to pay significant legal fees to defend itself against the allegations made
in the complaint or pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient
funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or
seek bankruptcy protection
 all of which could lead to the value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock declining in value or
becoming worthless.


to the terms and conditions of the FSHR License Agreement
 FSHR can terminate that agreement under certain circumstances
 subject
where applicable and as described in the agreement
 our right to cure such breaches and other events
 including: in the event the
Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar government agency in any country
 territory or possession makes any negative
or unlawful finding regarding our activities. Notwithstanding our categorical denial of the allegations made in the SEC&rsquo;s
November 2015 complaint
&rdquo;
&rdquo;
or we consent to any actions against us by the SEC in connection with the allegations made by the SEC in the November 2015 complaint
&rdquo;
 FSHR can terminate the FSHR License
Agreement.


of the FSHR License Agreement would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and assets
 could force us to scale
back and/or abandon our business operations
 or force us to seek bankruptcy protection and could cause the value of our common
stock to decline in value or become worthless. As we&rsquo;ve stated above
 none of the officers in the Company have been named
in the SEC suit and we believe that we will be found innocent of the charges alleged.


concern
 we may have to liquidate our assets
 and might realize significantly less than the values at which our net assets are
carried on our financial statements
 and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in our common stock. The accompanying
financial statements do not reflect any adjustments related to the outcome of this uncertainty.

Certain prior year
amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation for comparative purposes.


    
    


The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 as well as certain financial statement disclosures. Certain accounting principles
require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly
 a different financial
presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the assessment of the impairment of long-lived assets
 the allowance for
doubtful accounts
 valuation allowances for deferred tax assets
 and valuation of our financial and equity instruments. While management
believes that the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements are appropriate
 actual results
could differ from these estimates.

. The carrying amount
of the Company&rsquo;s cash
 accounts receivables
 accounts payables
 approximates their estimated fair values due to the short-term
maturities of those financial instruments.


of fair value
 a framework for measuring fair value
 and providing expanded disclosures concerning fair value whereby estimated
fair value is the price to be paid for an asset or the amount to settle a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. Accordingly
 fair value is a market-based measurement and not an entity-specific measurement.


in fair value measurements:



    
    
    

    
    

 either directly or indirectly. These inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as other inputs such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.

    
    
    

inputs
 including inputs that are available in situations where there is little
 if any
 market activity for the related asset
or liability.
        

the Company had no assets or liabilities carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of and for the years ended January
31
 2016 and 2015.&nbsp;


. The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At January 31
2016 and 2015
 the Company has no cash equivalents. No funds were invested in money market accounts during the year ended January
31
 2016.

Our
cash and cash equivalents are principally on deposit in a non-insured short-term asset management account at a large financial
institution. Accounts receivable potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk. Currently
 our customer base is comprised
of only a limited number of customers (see Note 14).

. Revenue is derived
from the sale of coffee products and is recognized on a gross basis upon shipment to the customer. All revenue is recognized when
(i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the service or sale is completed; (iii) the price is fixed or determinable;
and (iv) the ability to collect is reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting
estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product terms. We record promotional and return allowances based on recent
and historical trends. Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction
to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates. Discounts
and promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were $1
114
015 and $668
424
 respectively.


production and fulfillment of orders placed by customers. The Company
 acting as principal
 takes title to the product and assumes
the risks of ownership; namely
 the risks of loss for collection
 delivery and returns.


    
    


 The
Company does not require collateral from its customers with respect to accounts receivable. The Company determines any required
allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the terms for each customer
 and the length of time accounts receivable
are outstanding. Management provides an allowance for accounts receivable whenever it is evident that they become uncollectible.
The Company has determined that a $71
168 allowance for doubtful accounts was required at January 31
 2016 and $100
000 for January
31
 2015. Because our accounts receivable are concentrated in a relatively few number of customers
 a significant change in the
liquidity or financial position of any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the collectability of our
accounts receivable and our future operating results.

Inventories.

 which approximates actual
cost
 on a first-in
 first-out basis. Inventories on hand are evaluated on an on-going basis to determine if any items are obsolete
or in excess of future needs. Items determined to be obsolete are reserved for. From time to time the Company provides for the
possible inability to sell its inventories by providing an excess inventory reserve. As of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company
determined that no reserve was required.

Acquisition of BlackRock Beverage Services
Inc. and Bike Caffe Franchising Inc. 
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including inventory
 fixed assets
and IP owned by BlackRock Beverage Services Inc. for $81
118 in total consideration consisting of $10
000 in cash and 158
039 common
shares of the Company valued at $71
118. In addition
 on December 4
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including fixed
assets
 inventory
 IP and trademarks owned by Bike Caffe Franchising
 Inc. for total consideration of $140
000 consisting of $40
000
in cash and 250
000 common shares of the Company valued at $100
000. No liabilities were assumed as part of the acquisitions. The
acquisitions were accounted for by the Company using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). Accordingly
 at the date of acquisition
 the net assets
of BlackRock and BikeCaffe were recorded at their respective fair values and represents management&rsquo;s estimates based on a
third party valuation report. The Company incurred $5
000 of acquisition-related costs
 which were expensed as incurred in the
accompanying Statement of Operations included within Other Operating Expenses.


are included in the accompanying statements of operations from the date of acquisition. The net assets acquired were recorded
at their fair values at the date of acquisition
 as summarized in the following table:

Bike
Caffe Franchising
 Inc.



    
    

    
    

    
75
656


 net
7
400

Total Tangible
    Assets
83
056

    
    

    
15
000

    
20
800

    
14
100

    
49
900

    
7
044

    
140
000



 LLC
&rdquo;) in July 2015 and there are no longer any intangibles or fixed assets related to this company. See Note
5 for more details.

Equipment is
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Maintenance and repairs
 as incurred
 are charged to expense. Renewals
and enhancements which extend the life or improve existing equipment are capitalized. Upon disposition or retirement of equipment
the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Depreciation
is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which are three years.


    
    



follows:




    
January 31

2016
January 31

2015

    
205
548
242
385

    
67
545
67
545

    
66
507
75
851

    
151
373
151
373

    
490
973
537
154

    
    
    

    
303
135
155
906

    
187
838
381
248



884 and $115
372
for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

 Long-lived
assets consist primarily of a license agreement that was recorded at the estimated cost to acquire the asset. The license agreement
is reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be
recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of
the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying
amount of the assets
 the assets are written down to their estimated fair values. Management evaluated the carrying value of the
license and determined that no impairment existed at January 31
 2016 or 2015.

Pursuant
to the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) FASB ASC 718-10
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock
Compensation
&rdquo; which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for employee service
 management utilizes the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock option awards at the date of grant
 which requires
the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and assumptions
can materially affect the measure of estimated fair value of our share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective and
generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value
 some of the assumptions will be based
on
 or determined from
 external data and other assumptions may be derived from our historical experience with stock-based payment
arrangements. The appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment
 based on relevant facts and circumstances.


is recorded based on the value of the services or the value of the common stock whichever is more clearly determinable. Whenever
the value of the services is not determinable
 the measurement date occurs generally at the date of issuance of the stock. In more
limited cases
 it occurs when a commitment for performance has been reached with the counterparty and nonperformance is subject
to significant disincentives. If the total value of stock issued exceeds the par value
 the value in excess of the par value is
added to the additional paid-in-capital.


common stock by considering historical stock volatility.

. The Company follows Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification No 740
 


liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and on net operating
loss carry forwards using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation
allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.


    
    


.
Basic earnings per common share equal net earnings or loss divided by the weighted average of shares outstanding during the reporting
period. Diluted earnings per share include the impact on dilution from all contingently issuable shares
 including options
 warrants
and convertible securities. The common stock equivalents from contingent shares are determined by the treasury stock method. The
Company incurred a net loss for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and therefore
 basic and diluted earnings
per share for those periods are the same because all potential common equivalent shares would be anti-dilutive. Anti-dilutive shares
include -0- and 11
144
863 options for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015.

 A derivative
is an instrument whose value is &ldquo;derived&rdquo; from an underlying instrument or index such as a future
 forward
 swap
 option contract
or other financial instrument with similar characteristics
 including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts
and for hedging activities. As a matter of policy
 the Company does not invest in separable financial derivatives or engage in
hedging transactions. However
 the Company entered into certain debt financing transactions in fiscal 2016
 as disclosed in Note
8
 containing certain embedded features that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. The Company may engage
in other similar complex financing transactions in the future
 but not with the intention to enter into derivative instruments.
Derivatives are measured at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model and marked to market through earnings. However
such new and/or complex instruments may have immature or limited markets. As a result
 the pricing models used for valuation of
derivatives often incorporate significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect
the estimate of the fair value of derivative liabilities and
 consequently
 the related amount recognized as a change in fair
value of derivative liabilities on the consolidated statement of operations. Furthermore
 depending on the terms of a derivative
the valuation of derivatives may be removed from the financial statements upon exercise or conversion of the underlying instrument
into some other security or if the contract is modified.


within stockholders' equity or as liabilities in our financial statements. Our policy is to settle instruments indexed to our
common shares on a first-in-first-out basis.


date. If the classification changes as a result of events during a reporting period
 the instrument is reclassified as of the
date of the event that caused the reclassification. There is no limit on the number of times a contract may be reclassified.


 we adopted the
guidance
 as codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 815-40

 Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and
Potentially Settled in
 a Company's Own Stock
 that requires us to apply a two-step model in determining whether a
financial instrument or an embedded feature is indexed to our own stock and thus enables it to qualify for equity
classification. The embedded conversion option features did not qualify for equity classification as they had no conversion
price floor and as such required treatment as derivative liabilities. Accordingly
 $778
951 of conversion feature derivative
liabilities are carried at January 31
 2016.




 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 820&rdquo;)
 in connection with assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis subsequent to initial recognition. The guidance applies to our derivative liabilities. We had no assets or liabilities measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis for any period reported.



carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories. We measure the fair value of applicable
financial and non-financial assets based on the following fair value hierarchy:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.


or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.


not corroborated by market data.


the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value.


is determined based on unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data
 which is a Level 3 classification. We record
derivative liabilities on our balance sheet at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in our consolidated statements of
operations.


to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value. There
were no transfers between Level 1
 Level 2 and/or Level 3 during fiscal 2016. Our fair value measurements at the January 31
 2016
reporting date are classified based on the valuation technique level noted in the table below:



value of financial liabilities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis included in the Company&rsquo;s financial
statements as of January 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




Significant Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements
adoption until a future date are being evaluated by the Company to determine whether adoption will have a material impact on the
Company&rsquo;s financial statements. Such pronouncements include the following:

Financial Accounting Standards Board
 or FASB
 Accounting Standards
Update
 or ASU 2016-02 &ldquo;Leases (Topic 842)&rdquo; &ndash; 
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which will require
lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.&nbsp; For income statement
purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance.&nbsp; Classification
will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines.&nbsp;
Lessor accounting is similar to the current model
 but updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue
recognition standard.&nbsp; This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 18
 2018
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years.&nbsp; We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures.






    
    


FASB ASU 2014-09 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606)
&rdquo; or ASU 2014-09
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
of Accounting Standards Codification
 or ASC
 Topic 605 &ldquo;Revenue Recognition.&rdquo; This ASU is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with the option to adopt as early as December 15
 2017. We are currently assessing the
impact of adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.


 Management has evaluated
events subsequent to January 31
 2016 through the date the accompanying statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements.







    
January 31

January 31


    
    
197
581

    
    
197
581






    
    
    

    
                                
January 31

January 31


    
1
159
120
596
249

    
220
131
172
705

    
3
856
15
718

    
19
681
96
135

    
83
939
373
445

    
(71
168
(100
000

    
1
415
559
1
154
252





 2010
 the Company obtained a
sub-license agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Marley Coffee
 LLC (&ldquo;MCL&rdquo;)
 a private limited liability company
of which Rohan Marley
 a Director of the Company
 and his family have a combined controlling interest as more fully described below.




 a Bahamas
international business company (&ldquo;Fifty-Six Hope Road&rdquo;) owns and controls the intellectual property rights
 including
the &ldquo;Marley Coffee&rdquo; trademarks relating to the late reggae performer
 Robert Nesta Marley
 professionally known as
Bob Marley (the &ldquo;Trademarks&rdquo;). On March 31
 2010
 Fifty-Six Hope Road and MCL entered into an agreement which granted
to MCL the exclusive
 oral
 terminable license to use the Trademarks and granted to the Company an exclusive
 terminable
 sublicense
to use the Trademark.


 2010
 MCL entered into the Agreement
with the Company
 effective March 30
 2010
 pursuant to which it sublicensed the use of the Trademarks to the Company (the &ldquo;MCL
Trademarks License Agreement&rdquo;). Rohan Marley
 a director of the Company
 also serves as the managing member of MCL and is
the beneficial owner of one-third of MCL&rsquo;s membership interests.


Agreement was as follows:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    

 2010; and;




    
    

 2019.



payments to Non Employees
&rdquo; management recorded the transaction based on the estimated fair value of the perpetual license
at the measurement date of March 31
 2010 totaling $766
000
 (the date when the Trademarks and its underlying rights were granted
to the Company and when MCL&rsquo;s performance was completed).


    
    



 2011
 the parties expanded the
scope of the MCL Trademarks License Agreement in favor of the Company by an amendment in consideration for the Company assuming
$126
000 in additional obligations of MCL. As part of the Agreement
 the Company had issued 2
000
000 shares of its common stock.


 2012
 the MCL Agreement was
replaced and superseded with the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement with Fifty-Six Hope Road more fully described below. The MCL
Termination Agreement provided that all of the Company&rsquo;s obligations under the MCL Agreement were terminated except for the
Company&rsquo;s obligations to: (i) issue to MCL the 1 million shares of its common stock which were due to MCL on March 31
 2012
(which obligation has since been forgiven); and (ii) repay its remaining outstanding debt obligation of $19
715 in monthly installments
the final installment of which was paid in February 2013.




 2012
 the Company entered
into a new trademark license agreement with Fifty-Six Hope Road which superseded and replaced the MCL Trademarks License Agreement
(the &ldquo;2012 Trademarks License Agreement&rdquo;)
 with an effective date of August 7
 2012. Pursuant to the 2012 Trademarks
License Agreement
 Fifty-Six Hope Road granted to the Company a worldwide
 exclusive
 non-transferable license to utilize the Trademarks
in connection with (i) the manufacturing
 advertising
 promotion
 sale
 offering for sale and distribution of coffee in all its
forms and derivations
 regardless of portions sizes or packaging (the &ldquo;Exclusive Licensed Products&rdquo;) and (ii) coffee
roasting services
 coffee production services and coffee sales
 supply
 distribution and support services
 provided however that
the Company may not open retail coffee houses under the Trademarks. In addition
 Fifty Six Hope Road granted the Company the right
to use the Trademarks on advertising and promotional materials that pertain solely to the sale of coffee cups
 coffee mugs
 coffee
glasses
 saucers
 milk steamers
 machines for brewing coffee
 espresso and/or cappuccino
 grinders
 water treatment products
 tea
products
 chocolate products
 and ready-to-use (instant) coffee products (the &ldquo;Non-Exclusive Licensed Products&rdquo;
 and
together with the Exclusive Licensed Products
 the &ldquo;Licensed Products&rdquo;). The Licensed Products may be sold by the Company
pursuant to the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement through all channels of distribution
 provided that
 subject to certain exceptions
the Company cannot sell the Licensed Products by direct marketing methods (other than the Company&rsquo;s website)
 including television
infomercials or direct mail without the prior written consent of Fifty-Six Hope Road. The 2012 Trademarks License Agreement has
a 15 year term and provides two renewal periods of 15 years at the discretion of the Company. In return
 the Company agreed to
pay royalties to Fifty-Six Hope Road in an amount equal to 3% of the net sales of all Licensed Products. In addition
 such royalty
payments are to be deferred during the first 20 months of the term of the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement
 and such deferred
payments shall be paid on a quarterly-basis thereafter. The total owed to Fifty-Six Hope
Road is $264
670 at January 31
 2016.


the Company recorded an impairment of license agreement assets totaling $36
000 and amortization expense totaling $24
333 for
the year ended January 31
 2013. No impairment was recorded for the year ended January 31
 2016 and amortization expense was $48
666
and $48
667 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



License agreement
 net consists of the following:
January
    31


    
    
    

    
730
000
730
000

    
(170
332
(121
666


 net
559
668
608
334



    
    



in intangible assets on the balance sheets. The amortization period is fifteen years. Amortization expense consists of the following:




    
Years Ended January 31


    
    
    

    
(48
666
(48
667

    
(48
666
(48
667



 2016
 the remaining useful
life of the Company&rsquo;s license agreement was approximately 11.5 years. The following table shows the estimated amortization
expense for such assets for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter.




Years Ending January 31

    

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
328
208

    
559
668





        
        

 2015
 with an effective date
        of         July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Black Rock Beverages
 LLC
&rdquo;)
 pursuant         to which it sold its Black Rock Beverage division and related assets to BRB
&rdquo;). Pursuant         to the Sale Agreement
 BRB agreed to pay the Company
        $300
000 in cash
         with $200

        15
         2015)

000 payable in 24 equal monthly installments
 provided that         if BRB&rsquo;s
        average         sales do         not meet a minimum of $50
000 per month during each of the first six months following the
        closing
                the aggregate         amount of $100
000 in payments due is reduced by $5
000 for each month such
        $50
000 monthly minimum is         not met. Black             Rock Beverages
 LLC paid $61
000 in December 2015 for the final
        payment owed under this purchase         agreement and the gain was         recognized         at that time. Additionally
 at
        the sale date the Company agreed to continue to         pay the salary of one of its employees         acquired in the
        Company&rsquo;s         original acquisition of the Black Rock         Beverage division in August 2013 and to
        continue to cover the rent
 for five months
 on         a warehouse located         on Lipan St. in Denver
 Colorado
 and BRB
        agreed         to assume certain of the Company&rsquo;s capital and vehicle          leases. We also agreed to a six-month
        freeze on         increasing any cost of goods purchased by BRB for products sold         through the Black         Rock
        Beverage operations. Subsequent to December 2015
 the Company has no further obligations related to the sale.
        
        
        

the following:





    
    
    

    
January 31

January 31


    
15
721
    

    
14
450
18
986

    
30
171
18
986




Marley Coffee
 Ltd.;
Other Related Parties


2016 and 2015
 respectively there are licensing fees accrued and payable of $260
496 and $265
960 to Fifty-Six Hope Road
 for
the license to use of the name &ldquo;Marley Coffee&rdquo;. From inception to January 31
 2016
 the Company has
incurred royalties of $689
194 to Fifty-Six Hope Road.


    
    



 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $602
191 and $764
598
 respectively
 from Marley Coffee Ltd. (&ldquo;MC&rdquo;) a producer of Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee that the Company purchases in the normal course of its business. The Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 Rohan Marley
 is an owner of approximately 25% of the equity of MC.


received $97
796 and $34
348 in rebates from MC during the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 on the Jamaican
green coffee purchased. There were no rebates in the prior year. From our inception in 2011 to January 31
 2016
 the Company has
made purchases of $2
938
886 after credits and rebates from MC. The Company directs these purchases to third-party roasters for
fulfillment of sales orders. MC was created in order to have a license to buy and sell Jamaican Blue Mountain (JBM) Coffee. We
buy JBM coffee at the most favorable market rate in the market. For the majority of transactions
 we buy raw unroasted beans from
MC and then resell them to customers around the world. From time to time
 it is more economically favorable for the Company to
allow MC to sell to our customers directly and then receive a rebate. The Company directs these purchases to third-party roasters
for fulfillment of sales orders.


LLC a company in which Rohan Marley is a beneficiary. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases
of $11
833 and $40
798
 respectively
 from House of Marley. House of Marley produces headphones and speakers that the Company
uses for promotions and trade shows. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $6
411 and
$47
 respectively from Zion Rootswear. For the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company has made purchases of $0 and
$278 from Tuff Gong International. The purchases from Tuff Gong International and Zion Rootswear were for Bob Marley apparel and
gifts that were used for marketing and promotions purposes.


ending January 31
 2016 of $1
408 to Island Records
 $860 to Delivery Agent (for product that is sold on the Bob Marley Website)
and $539 to Zion Rootswear. For the year ending January 31
 2015 the Company has made sales to the following related parties $3
780
to Homemedics
 $1
980 to Zion Rootswear
 and $646 to Bravado International. All of the companies above are licensees of Hope Road
Merchandising
 LLC
 a company in which Rohan Marley is a beneficiary.


 2016 and 2015
the Company paid Rohan Marley Enterprises and Rohan Marley $178
875 and $211
454
 respectively
 for directors consulting fees
stock salary and bonus and expense reimbursements. The January 31
 2016 total included $164
399 in cash payments and $14
476 in
accrued director&rsquo;s fees paid in February 2016. The January 31
 2015 total included $161
454 in cash payments and $50
000
in stock bonus paid. The Company has paid Rohan Marley Enterprises $385
439 and Rohan Marley $106
335 for a total of $491
774
from inception to January 31
 2016
 for director&rsquo;s fees and expense reimbursements. Rohan Marley Enterprises is the personal
S-Corporation of Rohan Marley which he uses to record all of his business transactions.


in prior years was $7
500 in December 2013 for improvements on the Marley Farm. &nbsp;


31
 2016 is $2
053
298 and at January 31
 2015 $1
675
102 was due to Mother Parkers for coffee purchases. The total accounts receivable
due from Mother Parkers as of January 31
 2016 and 2015 is $318
934 and $323
326.


January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company paid Sondra Toevs $7
242 and $18
416
 respectively and Ellie Toevs $4
431 and $6
231
 respectively
for part-time employment. Sondra Toevs is the wife of the CEO
 Brent Toevs
 and Ellie Toevs is the daughter of Mr. Toevs.


    
    


NOTE 8 &ndash; CONVERTIBLE AND OTHER NOTES
PAYABLE


follows:



    
    
    
 January 31
 2016
    
Proceeds
    
 Rate
    


 LLC *
500
000
141
900
358
100
    
    

    
275
000
275
000
    
    
    

    
1
005
000
255
000
750
000
    
    

    
900
000
385
000
515
000
    
    

    
250
000
254
000
    
    
    





of JSJ and Typenex notes.




Revolving Line of Credit Agreement with Colorado Medical Finance Services
 LLC
 dba Gold Gross Capital LLC
 with an effective
date of February 16
 2015. The line of credit allows the Company the right to borrow up to $500
000 from the lender from time
to time. On March 26
 2015
 the lender advanced $250
000 to us under the terms of the line of credit. Amounts owed under the
line of credit are to be memorialized by revolving credit notes in the form attached to the line of credit
 provided that no
formal note has been entered into to advance amounts borrowed to date. Amounts borrowed under the line of credit accrue
interest at the rate of 17.5% per annum and can be repaid at any time without penalty. A total of 10% of the interest rate is
payable in cash and the other 7.5% of the interest rate is payable in cash
 or coffee goods and services
 at the option of
the lender
 with our consent.&nbsp;&nbsp;The line of credit expires
 and all amounts are due under the line of credit on
September 26
 2016. The line of credit contains customary events of default
 and upon the occurrence of an event of default
the lender can suspend further advances and require the Company to declare the entire amount then owed immediately due
subject to a 10 day period pursuant to which we have the right to cure any default. Upon the occurrence of an event of
default the amounts owed under the line of credit bear interest at the rate of 20% per annum. Proceeds from the line of
credit can be solely used for working capital purposes. The lender has no relationship with the Company or its affiliates. As
of January 31
 2016
 the Company had borrowed a total of $250
000 under the Line of Credit. As of January 31
 2016 there was
$162
347 outstanding which included $141
900 in principle and $20
448 in interest due. The payments to this line of credit have
been made on a month basis.




 2015
 we entered into a 12%
Convertible Note to JSJ Investments Inc. (&ldquo;JSJ&rdquo; and the &ldquo;JSJ Convertible Note&rdquo;) in the amount of $275
000.
Amounts owed under the JSJ Convertible Note accrue interest at the rate of 12% per annum (18% upon an event of default). The JSJ
Convertible Note is payable by us on demand by JSJ at any time after March 6
 2016. We have the right to repay the JSJ Convertible
Note (a) for an amount equal to 135% of the then balance of such note until the 180th&nbsp;day following the date of the note
and (b) for an amount equal to 150% of the balance of such note subsequent to the maturity date (provided the holder consents to
such payment after maturity).


is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at any time. The conversion price of the
JSJ Convertible Note is 60% (a 40% discount) to the third lowest intra-day trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during
the 10 trading days prior to any conversion date of the note. In the event we do not issue the holder any shares due in connection
with a conversion within three business days
 we are required to issue the holder additional shares equal to 25% of the conversion
amount
 and an additional 25% of such shares for each additional five business days beyond such fourth business day that such failure
continues. In the event we do not have a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of common stock to allow for the conversion
of the note
 the discount rate (40%) is increased by an additional 5%.


    
    



we agreed to pay $5
000 of JSJ&rsquo;s legal fees.


and customary events of default
 including in the event we fail to timely file any and all reports due with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 JSJ can demand that we immediately repay 150% of the outstanding
balance of the JSJ Convertible Note together with accrued interest (and default interest
 if any).


Note
 JSJ agreed not to engage in any short sales or hedging transactions of our common stock. At no time may the JSJ Convertible
Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in JSJ and its affiliates owning an aggregate
of in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock
 provided such percentage may be increased by JSJ to up
to increases to 9.99% upon not less than 61 days&rsquo; prior written notice to us.


debt as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue.&nbsp;&nbsp;We hope to repay the JSJ Convertible Note
prior to any conversion. In the event that the JSJ Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer
dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the JSJ Note is converted into common stock.


LLC


 2015 (the &ldquo;Closing
Date&rdquo;)
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 14
 2015 (the &ldquo;Typenex SPA&rdquo;)
with Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (&ldquo;Typenex&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Typenex SPA
 the Company issued to Typenex a convertible
promissory note (the &ldquo;Typenex Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $1
005
000
 deliverable in four tranches as described
below.


an interest rate of 10% per annum (22% upon an event of default).&nbsp;&nbsp;The gross proceeds to the Company from the Typenex
Note were $1
005
000
 in the form of: (a) an initial tranche of $250
000 in cash (gross proceeds of $255
000
 less $5
000 in expense
reimbursements)
 and (b) three promissory notes of $250
000 each (collectively
 the &ldquo;Investor Notes&rdquo;). Typenex may
elect
 in its sole discretion
 to fund one or more of the Investor Notes. Absent such an election by Typenex
 the Investor Notes
will not result in cash proceeds to
 or an obligation to repay on the part of
 the Company. Each of the Investor Notes accrue interest
at the rate of 10% per annum until paid (provided that all amounts due under the Investor Notes may be offset against amounts we
owe Typenex in Typenex&rsquo;s sole discretion)
 and as such
 we do not anticipate owing any interest on the Investor Notes until
such notes are funded by Typenex.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each of the Investor Notes are secured by a Membership Interest Pledge Agreement entered
into by Typenex for our benefit.


after the Closing Date and on the same day of each month thereafter until the maturity date
 so long as any amount is outstanding
under the Typenex Note
 the Company is required to pay to Typenex installments of principal equal to $75
000 (or such lesser principal
amount as is then outstanding)
 plus the sum of any accrued and unpaid interest. Payments of each installment amount may be made
in cash
 subject to the terms of the note. Alternatively
 Typenex or the Company may elect to convert an installment amount into
Common Stock as described below.


Date
 Typenex may convert the balance of the Typenex Note
 or any installment or portion thereof
 utilizing the conversion price
calculation set forth below. Generally
 the conversion price will be $0.30 per share; however
 in the event the Company&rsquo;s
market capitalization falls below $3 million
 then the conversion price is the lower of (a) $0.30 per share
 and (b) the Market
Price. The &ldquo;Market Price&rdquo; is calculated by applying a discount of 40% (provided that under certain events the discount
may be reduced to up to 60%
 upon the occurrence of certain events (with a reduction of 5% per event) such as the value of common
stock (as calculated in the note) declining below $0.10 per share; the Company not being Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian &ndash;
DWAC eligible; the Company&rsquo;s common stock not being DTC eligible; or the occurrence of any major default (as described in
the note))
 to the average of the three (3) lowest intra-day trading prices of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during the ten
(10) trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. The Company may also elect to make payment of installments in
the form of equity on substantially the same terms
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Typenex Note
 and Typenex&rsquo;s
right in certain cases to require a certain portion of such payment to be paid in cash or stock. Additionally
 20 days after shares
issued upon redemption of the note are eligible to be freely traded by Typenex (as described in the note)
 there is a required
true up
 whereby Typenex is required to be issued additional shares in the event the trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock has declined from the time of original issuance to the date such shares are &lsquo;free trading&rsquo; as described in the
Typenex Note.


    
    



Note under certain circumstances
 subject to payment of a 35% prepayment penalty during the first six months the note is outstanding
and 50% thereafter.


 at any time that the Typenex Note is outstanding
the Company sells or issues any common stock or other securities exercisable for
 or convertible into
 Common Stock for a price
per share that is less than the conversion price applicable under the Typenex Note
 then such lower price will apply to all subsequent
conversions by Typenex for a period of 20 trading days.


events of default. In the event of a default
 the Typenex Note may be accelerated by Typenex. The outstanding balance would be
immediately due and payable and we are required to repay Typenex additional amounts (including the value of the amount then due
in common stock
 at the highest intraday trading price of the amount then due under the note) and/or liquidated damages in addition
to the amount owed under the Typenex Note. In addition
 we owe certain fees and liquidated damages to Typenex if we fail to timely
issue shares of common stock under the Typenex Note.


4.99% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares
 pursuant to the Typenex Note
 unless the market capitalization of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock is less than $10
000
000
 in which case Typenex is prohibited from owning more than 9.99% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding
shares.


are secured by a first priority security interest granted to Typenex pursuant to the terms of a Security Agreement entered into
with Typenex
 in each of the Investor Notes.


debt as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue.&nbsp;&nbsp;We hope to repay the Typenex Convertible Note
prior to any conversion. In the event that the Typenex Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer
dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the Typenex Note is converted into common stock.


 2016
 the outstanding balance
of the Typenex Note was $255
000.




 2015
 we sold JMJ Financial
(&ldquo;JMJ&rdquo;) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to $900
000 (the &ldquo;JMJ Convertible Note&rdquo;).
The initial amount received in connection with the sale of the JMJ Convertible Note was $350
000
 and a total of $385
000 is currently
due under the JMJ Convertible Note (not including the interest charge described below)
 as all amounts borrowed under the note
include a 10% original issue discount. Moving forward
 JMJ may loan us additional funds (up to $900
000 in aggregate) at our request
provided that JMJ has the right in its sole discretion to approve any future request for additional funding. Each advance under
the JMJ Convertible Note is due two years from the date of such advance
 with the amount initially funded under the note due on
September 16
 2017.


and accrued interest and where applicable other fees) is convertible into our common stock
 at any time
 at the lesser of $0.75
per share or 65% (a 35% discount) of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock in the 20 trading days prior to the date
of any conversion
 provided that if we are not DWAC eligible at the time of any conversion an additional 10% discount applies
and in the event our common stock is not DTC eligible at the time of any conversion
 an additional 5% discount applies. The JMJ
Convertible Note provides that unless we and JMJ agree in writing
 JMJ is not eligible to convert any amount of the note into common
stock which would result in JMJ owning more than 4.99% of our common stock.


to the principal amount of the note
 which remains payable regardless of the repayment (or conversion) date of the note.


    
    




we are able to prepay the note assuming we prepay all outstanding principal together with a penalty of 40% of such amount
 interest
fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
 and the original issuance discount due thereon; and after 160 days
 we are not able to prepay
the note without JMJ&rsquo;s written approval.


shares of common stock for conversion of the note. In the event we fail to deliver shares within four days of the date of any conversion
by JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ $2
000 per day in penalties.


events of default including
 our failure to timely make payments under the JMJ Convertible Note when due
 our entry into bankruptcy
proceedings
 our failure to file reports with the SEC
 our loss of DTC eligibility for our common stock
 and the investor&rsquo;s
loss of the ability to rely on Rule 144. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of an event of default
 as described in greater detail
in the JMJ Convertible Note
 and at the election of JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ
 either (i) the amount then owed under the
note divided by the applicable conversion price
 on the date the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is
lower)
 multiplied by the volume weighted average price on the date the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever
is higher)
 or (ii) 150% of the principal amount of the note
 plus all of the unpaid interest
 fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
and other amounts due. Any amount not paid when due accrues interest at the rate of 18% per annum until paid in full. JMJ is not
required to provide us any written notice in order to accelerate the amounts owed under the JMJ Convertible Note in the event of
the occurrence of an event of default.


outstanding JMJ agreed not to effect any &ldquo;short sales&rdquo; of our common stock.


debt as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue.&nbsp;&nbsp;We hope to repay the JMJ Convertible Note
prior to any conversion. In the event that the JMJ Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer
dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the JMJ Note is converted into common stock.


Group


 2015
&nbsp;we&nbsp;sold Vis
Vires Group
 Inc. (&ldquo;Vis Vires&rdquo;) a Convertible Promissory Note (with an issuance date of September 9
 2015) in the principal
amount of $254
000 (the &ldquo;Vis Vires Convertible Note&rdquo;)
 pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated September
9
 2015. The Vis Vires Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum (22% upon an event of default) and is due and
payable on June 11
 2016. The Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard and customary events of default such as failing
to timely make payments under the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with Exchange
Act reporting requirements.&nbsp;Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis Vires
Convertible Note
 we are required to repay Vis Vires liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Vis Vires Convertible
Note.


Note and all accrued interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into our common stock at any time following the
180th day after the Vis Vires Convertible Note was issued. The conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is equal to the
greater of (a) 65% (a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the lowest five closing bid prices of our common stock during
the ten trading days immediately prior to the date of any conversion; and (b) $0.00009
 provided that the conversion price during
major announcements (as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement date
of such major announcement and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to
pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price
also includes anti-dilution protection such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible
securities at a price equal to less than the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance
or deemed issuance
 the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
 subject
to certain exceptions in the note
 including an exemption for persons with whom the Company was in discussions regarding an investment
at the time the Vis Vires Convertible Note was entered into and officer and employee issuances/grants.


    
    




be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in Vis Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate
of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock.


and interest on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment
is subject to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible
Note (inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when such prepayment is made.


customary positive and negative covenants.


000 of Vis Vires&rsquo;s attorney&rsquo;s
fees in connection with the sale of the Vis Vires Convertible Note.


debt and similar debt incurred in the past several weeks as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue.&nbsp;&nbsp;We
hope to repay the Vis Vires Convertible Note prior to any conversion. In the event that the Vis Vires Note is not repaid in cash
in its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the Vis Vires Note is converted
into common stock.


its derivative financial instruments as of January 31
 2016
 which consist of convertible instruments and rights to shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 and determined that such derivatives meet the criteria for liability classification under ASC
815. Conversion feature-derivative liability totaled $778
951 at January 31
 2016. Refer to Note 1 for more detail.



    
    






annual principal maturities of debt for the five years subsequent to December 31
 2016:



Year ended December 31

    

    
670
900

    
385
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
255
000

    
1
310
900





 net of discounts at January 31
 2016 totaled $1
029
558
which consists of total borrowings and accrued interest of $1
613
666 reduced by $584
108 in related discounts




 we borrowed $150
000 from
a third-party lender. The October 2015 loan has a seven-month term
 a total payback amount of $202
500 and is payable by way of
147 daily payments of $1
378. In November 2015
 we borrowed $65
000 from the same lender. The November 2015 loan has a term of
six months
 a total payable amount of $89
700 and is payable by way of 126 daily payments of $712. In January 2016
 we borrowed
$220
000 from the same lender (of which $91
887.70 was new lending and $128
112.30 was used to repay the balance on the October
2015 loan). The January 2016 loan has a term of ten months
 a total payback amount of $290
400 and is payable by way of 210 daily
payments of $1
383. There was $215
173 outstanding as of January 31
 2016. In February 2016
 we borrowed $100
000 from the same
lender which has a six-month term
 a total payback amount of $130
000 and is payable by way of 126 daily payments of $1
032. In
April 2016
 we borrowed $115
000 from the same lender (of which $90
000 was new lending and the remainder was used to pay back
the balance on the November 2015 loan). The April 2016 loan has a term of eight months
 a total payable amount of $158
700 and
is payable by way of 168 daily payments of $945. The loans are secured by a security interest in all of our accounts
 equipment
inventory and investment property. We have the right to repay the loans within the first 30 days after the effective date of each
loan at the rate of 85% of the applicable repayment amount and between 31 and 90 days after the effective date of each loan at
the rate of 90% of the applicable repayment amount. The interest rate on these loans range from 30-38% per annum.

NOTE&nbsp;9 &ndash; STOCKHOLDER&rsquo;S
EQUITY




vote for each share held. There are no restrictions that limit the Company&rsquo;s ability to pay dividends on its common stock
 subject
to the requirements of the Nevada Revised Statutes. The Company has not declared any dividends since incorporation.


 2016
 the Company had 5
112
861
525
common shares authorized of its $0.001 par value common stock.


 2016
 the
Company issued the following shares of $0.001 par value common stock:



    
    

894
044 shares in exchange for services from vendors providing finance
 business development
 investor relations and other services valued at $204
284.

    
    

488 shares retired for $50
000 of Accounts Receivable in connection with the settlement agreement with Sky.



    
    






 2011
 the Board of Directors
approved the Company&rsquo;s 2011 Equity Compensation Plan (the &ldquo;2011 Plan&rdquo;). The 2011 Plan authorizes the issuance
of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 performance shares
and other securities as described in greater detail in the 2011 Plan
 to the Company&rsquo;s employees
 officers
 directors and
consultants. A total of 20
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2011 Plan
 which has not been approved by the stockholders
of the Company as of January 31
 2016 a total of 16
333
333 shares are available for issuance under the 2011 Plan.


 2012
 the Board of Directors
approved the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated on September 19
 2013 (as amended and restated
the &ldquo;2012 Plan&rdquo;). The 2012 Plan authorizes the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive
or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities
as described in greater detail in the 2012 Plan
 to the Company&rsquo;s employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. A total
of 12
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2012 Plan
 which has been approved by the stockholders of the Company
and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 436
907 shares are available for issuance under the 2012 Plan.


 2013
 the Board of Directors
approved the Company&rsquo;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2013 Plan&rdquo;). The 2013 Plan authorizes the issuance of
various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock
appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities as described in greater detail in the 2013 Plan
 to the Company&rsquo;s
employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. A total of 12
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2013 Plan
 which
has been approved by the stockholders of the Company to date
 and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 2
363
612 shares are available
for issuance under the 2013 Plan.


 2015
 the Board of Directors approved
and adopted the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated by the Board of Directors on March 10
2016 (the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 the &ldquo;2015 Plan&rdquo;). The sole amendment to the 2015 Plan which
was affected by the entry into the amended and restated plan was to clarify and confirm that no awards under the 2015 Plan can
be issued or granted to any person under the 2015 Plan in connection with
 or in consideration for
 the offer or sale of securities
in a capital-raising transaction
 or where such services directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company&rsquo;s
securities. The 2015 Plan authorizes the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified
options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities as described
in greater detail in the 2015 Plan
 to the Company&rsquo;s employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. Subject to adjustment
in connection with the payment of a stock dividend
 a stock split or subdivision or combination of the shares of common stock
or a reorganization or reclassification of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 the maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock
which may be issued pursuant to awards under the 2015 Plan is 17
500
000 shares
 and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 11
500
000
shares are available for issuance under the 2015 Plan.


Directors in its discretion. The Board of Directors interprets the Plans and has broad discretion to select the eligible persons
to whom awards will be granted
 as well as the type
 size and terms and conditions of each award
 including the exercise price
of stock options
 the number of shares subject to awards
 the expiration date of awards
 and the vesting schedule or other restrictions
applicable to awards.


    
    



January 31
 2016 and related balances outstanding as of that date are set forth below:






    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2014
17
260
000
    
    

    
820
000
    
    

    
(50
000
    
    

    
(200
000
    
    


 2015
17
830
000
    
    


 2015
10
952
633
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2015
17
830
000
    
    

    
6
780
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
020
000
    
    


 2016
23
590
000
    
    


 2016
14
151
658
    
    




 2016 and
2015
 the Company recognized share-based compensation expenses totaling $1
713
764 and $1
864
995
 respectively. The remaining
amount of unamortized stock options expense at January 31
 2015 is $1
651
146.


333 options to purchase
shares of common stock outside of the three plans mentioned above
 all of which were exercisable as of January 31
 2016.


options at January 31
 2016 was $0.


granted during the year was $1
446
000 and $249
793 for the fiscal years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.






 2014
 the Company entered into
&rdquo;).
Pursuant to the Subscription
 Mother Parkers purchased 7
333
529 units from the Company
 each consisting of (a) one share of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock
&rdquo;); and (b) one (1) warrant to purchase
&rdquo; and collectively with the Shares
&rdquo;)
at a price per Unit equal to the fifty day weighted-average price per share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the OTCQB market
for the fifty trading days ending March 7
 2014 (the date the parties first discussed the transactions contemplated by the Subscription)
&rdquo;). The total purchase price paid for the Units was $2
500
000.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2015
7
333
529
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2016
7
333
529
    
    






The
Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this
method
financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected
to reverse. 



    
    



 2016 and 2015
 the Company
had cumulative federal operating loss carry forwards of $18
407
581 and $17
250
016
 respectively


making such a determination
 we consider all available positive and negative evidence
 including future reversals of existing taxable
temporary differences
 projected future taxable income and tax-planning.


net deferred tax assets
 including a valuation allowance
 are as follows at January 31
 2016 and 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
821
077
6
392
132

    
2
728
166
2
212
946

    
52
414
    

    
26
372
37
056

    
9
628
029
8
642
133

    
(9
628
029
(8
642
133

    
    
    




for deferred tax assets as of January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $9
628
028 and $8
642
133
 respectively. The net operating losses
will begin to expire in 2031. In assessing the recovery of the deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax assets
 projected future taxable income
 and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. Management believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets as of January
31
 2016 will not be realized based on the management&rsquo;s assessment that the deductions ultimately recognized for tax purposes
will be fully utilized. Therefore full valuation allowances were set up for these deferred tax assets as of January 31
 2016 and
2015.


between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate is as follows at January 31
 2016 and 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



income tax expense for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015.



    





 from time to time
 involved in legal proceedings incidental to the conduct of its business
 as described below:


 2014
Shane Whittle
 individually
&rdquo;)
filed a complaint against the Company in the District Court
 City and County of Denver
 State of Colorado (Case No. 2014-CV-032991
Division: 209). The complaint alleged that Whittle entered into a consulting agreement with the Company for which the Company failed
to make payments and that Rohan Marley
 as both a director of the Company and of Marley Coffee Canada
 Inc.
 additionally agreed
that
 as part of Whittle&rsquo;s consulting compensation
 the Company would assume a debt owed by Marley Coffee Canada to Whittle.
The cause of action set forth in the complaint includes breach of contract. Damages claimed by Whittle included $60
000 under the
consulting agreement and $19
715 related to payments assumed by the Company.


31
 2015
&rdquo;)
pursuant to which the parties agreed to dismiss their claims associated with the District Court
 City and County of Denver
 State
of Colorado (Case No. 2014-CV-032991 Division: 209)
 lawsuit described above. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement
 the Company
agreed to pay Mr. Whittle $80
000 which was accrued as of January 31
 2015 (to be paid in equal payments of $10
000 per month beginning
on April 1
 2015
 of which $10
000 is in default)
 the Company agreed to withdraw from a joinder in connection with the Federal
Action pending between the parties (and certain other parties) as described below
 the parties provided each other mutual releases
and the parties agreed to mutually dismiss
 with prejudice
 their claims.


2014
 Whittle individually
&rdquo;) filed a complaint against
Rohan Marley
 Cedella Marley
 the Company
 Hope Road Merchandising
 LLC
 Fifty-Six Hope Road Music Limited
 and Marley Coffee Estate
Limited in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado (Civil Action No. 2014-CV-2680).


that Whittle entered into a partnership with Rohan Marley
 the son of the late reggae music legend Robert Nesta Marley p/k/a Bob
Marley
 to sell premium coffee products branded after the name and likeness of Rohan Marley. The causes of action set forth in
the complaint include
 among others
 racketeering activity
 trademark infringement
 breach of fiduciary duty
 civil theft
 and
civil conspiracy (some of which causes of action are not directly alleged against the Company)
 which are alleged to have directly
caused Whittle and Marley Coffee LLC substantial financial harm.


by Whittle and MC LLC include economic damages to be proven at trial
 profits made by defendants
 treble damages
 punitive damages
attorneys&rsquo; fees and pre and post judgment interest.

Subsequently
all but the civil conspiracy claim against the Company was dismissed and the court ordered Whittle to amend his complaint to provide
only for an alleged claim of breach of fiduciary duty (not against the Company) and conspiracy claims as an individual (not on
a derivative basis). Prior to the filing of this report
 Mr. Whittle and the Company agreed in principle to settlement terms
 provided
the parties are still negotiating the final terms of such settlement. Notwithstanding the parties&rsquo; agreement in principle
the outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any degree of reasonable certainty. In the event the matter is not settled
the Company intends to continue to vigorously defend itself against Whittle&rsquo;s and MC LLC&rsquo;s claims.



    
    



 2014
 a complaint
was filed against the Company in the Superior Court of State of California
 for the County of Los Angeles &ndash; Central Division
(Case Number: BC566749)
 pursuant to which Sky Consulting Group
&rdquo;)
 made various claims against the
Company
 Mr. Tran
 the Company&rsquo;s President and Director
 C&amp;V International
 and various other parties. The complaint
alleged causes of action for breach of contract
 fraud
 negligent representation
 intentional interference with contractual relationship
and negligent interference with contractual relationship
 relating to a May 2013 coffee distributor agreement between the Company
and Sky
 which provided Sky the right to sell Company branded coffee products in Korea. The suit seeks damages
 punitive damages
court costs and attorney&rsquo;s fees. The Company subsequently filed a motion to compel arbitration pursuant to the terms of the
agreement
 which was approved by the court on April 7
 2015. The parties subsequently entered arbitration in connection with the
lawsuit. On September 8
 2015
 the parties entered into a mutual settlement and release agreement
 whereby Sky agreed to return
130
480 shares of common stock to the Company and stop distributing our products
 displaying our tradenames or using our intellectual
property; the parties agreed to each dismiss their claims/lawsuits; and each party provided the other a general release of all
outstanding claims. The shares were returned to the Company and cancelled and the proceedings were dismissed on December 16
 2015.


 2015
the SEC filed a complaint against us (Case 2:15-cv-08921) in the United States District Court Central District of California
Western Division. Also included as defendants in the complaint were Shane G. Whittle (our former Chief Executive Officer and
Director) and parties unrelated to us
 Wayne S. P. Weaver
 Michael K. Sun
 Rene Berlinger
 Stephen B. Wheatley
 Kevin P.
Miller
 Mohammed A. Al-Barwani
 Alexander J. Hunter
 and Thomas E. Hunter (collectively
 the
&rdquo;). Pursuant to the complaint

and dump
involved utilizing our July 2009 reverse merger transaction to secretly gain control of millions of our shares
 spreading the
stock to offshore entities
 and dumping the shares on the unsuspecting public after the stock price soared following
fraudulent promotional campaigns undertaken by Mr. Whittle and certain other of the Defendants in or around 2011. The
complaint also alleges that to boost our stock price and provide cash to the Company
 Mr. Whittle and certain other of the
Defendants orchestrated a sham financing arrangement designed to create the false appearance of legitimate
third-party interest and investment in the Company through a non-existent entity
 Straight Path Capital
 pursuant to which we
raised approximately $2.5 million through the sale of 6.25 million shares of common stock in 2011. The SEC also alleges that
Mr. Whittle and others caused us to make public announcements which caused our stock price to rise
 which helped facilitate
the alleged frauds among other allegations spelled out more completely in the complaint. The SEC&rsquo;s complaint charges
us
 Mr. Whittle
 Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 Mr. Berlinger
 Mr. Wheatley
 Mr. Miller
 and Mr. Al-Barwani with conducting an illegal
offering in violation of Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act. The complaint further alleges that Mr. Whittle
 Mr.
Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 Mr. Berlinger
 and the Hunters violated Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5
 and Mr. Whittle
Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 and Mr. Berlinger violated Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13d-1 and 13d-2 thereunder. Mr.
Whittle is additionally charged with violating Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 16a-3
 and the Hunters are charged
with violations of Sections 17(b) of the Securities Act
 which prohibits fraudulent touting of stock. The SEC is seeking
injunctions
 disgorgement
 prejudgment interest
 and penalties as well as penny stock bars against all of the individual
Defendants and an officer-and-director bar against Mr. Whittle. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the
Commission to settle the claims made by the Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the
Commission to date
 and may not be approved or accepted. In the event the Company were to have to pay significant fines or
disgorgement in the matter described above
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient funding to pay such fines
or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or seek bankruptcy
protection.


we may become involved in other material legal proceedings in the future.


    
    






 2013
 and effective August 1
 2013
 we
entered into a lease agreement for office space located at 4730 Tejon Street
 Denver
 Colorado 80211. The office space encompasses
approximately 4
800 square feet. The lease has a term of 36 months expiring on July 31
 2016
 provided that we have two additional
three year options to renew the lease after the end of the initial term. Rent during the first three year option period escalates
at the rate of 4% per year (starting with the last monthly rental cost of the initial term of the agreement
 described below)
and rent during the second three year option period will be at a rental cost mutually agreed by the Company and the landlord. Rent
due under the initial term of the agreement is as follows:


$7
858 per month from August 1
 2013 to July 31




$8
172 per month from August 1
 2014 to July 31
 2015;




$8
499 per month from August 1
 2015 to July 31




three year term
 which option we have exercised as of the date of this report
 and which three year renewal term provides for rent
as follows:


$8
839 per month from August 1
 2016 to July 31




$9
192 per month from August 1
 2017 to July 31
 2018;




$9
560 per month from August 1
 2018 to July 31




 we have the option to extend the lease for
an additional three year term
 through July 21
 2022
 with a rental cost per month negotiated in good faith by the parties based
on then-current market rates
 provided that we provide notice of our intent to extend such lease at least 120 days prior to the
end of the then term.


 2014
 the Company entered into a lease
agreement for office and warehouse space located at 4725-4745 Lipan St
 Denver
 Colorado 80211. The rental space encompasses approximately
3
466 square feet of office and warehouse space and approximately a 4
000 square foot yard. The lease expires on June 30
 2017
provided we have the right to one five year renewal term
 with rent set at the &ldquo;market value&rdquo; of the last year of the
initial lease term. Rent due under the initial term of the agreement is as follows:


$0 per month from April 15
 2014 to June 30




$2
800 per month from July 1
 2014 to June 30




$2
950 per month from July 1
 2015 to June 30
 2016;




$3
150 per month from July 1
 2016 to June 30




 and
the purchaser currently pays the monthly rental cost due under such lease
 provided that the Company remains legally obligated
under such lease pursuant to its terms.


 2014
 the Company entered into a lease
agreement for retail space located at 1536 Wynkoop
 Denver
 Colorado 80202. The rental space encompasses approximately 121 square
feet. The lease has a term of 60 months. Rent is $1
500 per month for the first year
 increasing with the annual increase in the
consumer price index thereafter on the annual anniversary date of the lease.




 2016 two vendors
accounted for 42% of our purchases. During the year ended January 31
 2015 three vendors accounted for 61% of our purchases.
During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 three distributors accounted for 42% and two customers accounted for 52% of
our net revenues
 respectively. 


517 and $1
546
422
 respectively. The Canadian RealCup licensing revenue for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 were $410
153 and $282
641
 respectively. &nbsp;


723 for green coffee and whole bean coffee and for fiscal 2015 sales in South Korea totaled $227
751. &nbsp;


658 and for fiscal 2015 sales in Chile totaled $196
099. &nbsp; &nbsp; 



    
    





 2016

entered into a side letter agreement with JSJ. Pursuant to the side letter agreement
 JSJ agreed to extend the maturity date of
the JSJ Note to December 9
 2016 (from March 9
 2016)
 and we agreed to amend the terms of the JSJ Note relating to prepayment
to allow us the right to prepay the JSJ Note (a) from March 1
 2016 to September 9
 2016
 provided we pay a redemption premium
of 135% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon
 and (b) from September 10
 2016 to the maturity
date
 provided we pay a redemption premium of 150% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon.
The side letter agreement also amended the JSJ Note to (a) allow JSJ the right at any time after September 9
 2016
 to convert
the amount owed under the JSJ Note into shares of our common stock at a 40% discount to the third lowest trade during the previous
10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 provided that in no event will such conversion price be less than $0.00005 per
share; and (b) to add a 4.99% ownership limitation which prevents JSJ from converting the note into our common stock in the event
it and its affiliates would beneficially own more than 4.99% of our common stock upon such conversion
 provided that such percentage
can be increased by JSJ with 61 days prior written notice up to 9.99%. The side letter agreement also amended the events of default
under the JSJ Note to include other additional customary events of default
 in the event we cease filing reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission or if we file a Form 15.


we paid JSJ $117
253
 including $16
003 of interest due on the JSJ Note through March 1
 2016
 $5
000 of JSJ&rsquo;s legal fees
and $96
250 in consideration for JSJ agreeing to extend the due date of the JSJ Note (which represents the prepayment penalty which
would have been due had we repaid the JSJ Note when due).


 we repaid an aggregate of
$150
000 ($75
000 in each of March and April) of the amount owed to Typenex in connection with a redemption request received from
Typenex.




 we borrowed
$100
000 from a third party which has a six month term
 a total payback amount of $130
000 and is payable by way of 126 daily payments
of $1
032. In April 2016
 we borrowed $115
000 from the same lender (of which $90
000 was new lending and the remainder was used
to pay back the balance on a November 2015 loan). The April 2016 loan has a term of eight months
 a total payable amount of $158
700
and is payable by way of 168 daily payments of $945. The loans are secured by a security interest in all of our accounts
 equipment
and inventory and investment property. We have the right to repay the loans within the first 30 days after the effective date of
each loan at the rate of 85% of the applicable repayment amount and between 31 and 90 days after the effective date of each loan
at the rate of 90% of the applicable repayment amount.


 2016
 and March 15
 2016
 we sold Duck Duck Spruce
 LLC
&rdquo;) two 5% Convertible Promissory Notes with face amounts of $330
000
 representing $300
000 borrowed
from Duck Duck and a 10% original issue discount ($30
000)
 and $220
000
 representing $200
000 borrowed from Duck Duck and a 10%
original issue discount ($20
000)
&rdquo;
 and collectively

Duck Notes
rate allowed per law upon an event of default)
 and are due on December 8
 2016 (as to the March 9
 2016 note) and March 15
 2017
(as to the March 15
 2016 note)
 provided that if we repay the Duck Duck Notes more than 90 days after the issuance date thereof
the 5% interest which would have accrued through maturity is required to be paid to Duck Duck at the time of repayment.



    
    



day after the issuance date thereof along with a prepayment penalty of between 105% and 130% of the principal amount owed thereunder
plus interest (which as described above requires the total of interest through maturity if repaid more than 90 days after the issuance
date). After the 180


such as failing to timely make payments under the Duck Duck Notes when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 reporting requirements.


 day after the issuance date thereof at the option of Duck Duck
&rdquo; list with the DTC
 increasing by 5% if
we are not DWAC eligible
 and increasing by another 5% upon the occurrence of any event of default under the note) to the average
of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock during the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the date of conversion
 provided
that all conversions are subject to a floor of $0.05 per share.


stock if such conversion would result in Duck Duck and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding
shares of our common stock.


 2016 Duck Duck Note also (a) required us to issue 250
000
shares of restricted common stock to Duck Duck in consideration for agreeing to the sale of such note; and (b) provided that as
long as the note is outstanding
 upon any issuance by us of any convertible debt security (whether such debt begins with a convertible
feature or such feature is added at a later date) with any conversion price term more favorable than such Duck Duck Note
 then
at Duck Duck&rsquo;s option
 such conversion price term can apply to such March 15
 2016 Duck Duck Note.


event that the Duck Duck Notes are not repaid in cash in their entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the
extent that the balance of the Duck Duck Notes is converted into common stock.


 2016
sold
Vis Vires a Convertible Promissory Note (with an issuance date of March 11
 2016) in the principal amount of $225

Vires Convertible Note
 pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated March 11
 2016. The Vis Vires Convertible
Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum (22% upon an event of default) and is due and payable on December 15
 2016. The
Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under
the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended
 reporting requirements. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis
Vires Convertible Note
 we are required to pay Vis Vires liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Vis Vires
Convertible Note.


interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into our common stock at any time following the 180th day after the
Vis Vires Convertible Note was issued. The conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is equal to the greater of (a) 65%
(a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the lowest five closing bid prices of our common stock during the ten trading days
immediately prior to the date of any conversion; and (b) $0.00009
 provided that the conversion price during major announcements
(as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement date of such major announcement
and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for
each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price also includes anti-dilution protection
such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible securities at a price equal to less than
the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion
price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
 subject to certain exceptions in the note.



    
    



of our common stock if such conversion would result in Vis Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 9.99% of
the then outstanding shares of our common stock.


Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject to payment of
a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued
and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when such prepayment is made.


negative covenants.


000 of Vis Vires&rsquo;s attorney&rsquo;s fees in connection
with the sale of the Vis Vires Convertible Note.


In the event that the Vis Vires Convertible Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer dilution
if and to the extent that the balance of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is converted into common stock.


 2016
 the Board of Directors approved
the repricing of options to purchase 6 million shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock originally issued to the Company&rsquo;s
executive officers and directors in June 2015. Specifically
 the Board of Directors approved a change in the exercise price of
such options from $0.195 per share to $0.12 per share
 provided no other terms of the options were changed except for the re-pricing.
As a result of the repricing
 our executive officers and directors
 Brent Toevs
 Anh Tran and Rohan Marley
 each hold options to
purchase 2 million shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share
 with 666
666 options vesting
on June 30
 2016 and 666
667 options vesting on June 30
 2017 and 2018
 respectively.


 2016
 the Company entered into a settlement
and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among other things
 the provider has agreed
to buy out the Company&rsquo;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period from March 15
 2011 to March 15
2012 for $400
000. The Company expects to receive payment approximately 30 days after the entry into the settlement.


principle with the Securities and Exchange Commission to settle the claims made by the Commission
 which has not yet
been approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be formally approved or accepted. In the event the Company were to
have to pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter described above
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient
funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or
seek bankruptcy protection.


 2016
 the Company
entered into a settlement agreement and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among
other things
 the provider agreed to buy out the Company&rsquo;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period
from March 15
 2011 to March 15
 2012 for $400
000
 which the Company expects to receive approximately 30 days after the entry
into the settlement.



    
    





Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    

 2016




    
    
    

    
    

    

 Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

    
    




    

 2016



the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

 Chief Operating Officer

    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2011)

    
    
    

    
    

 2013)

    
    
    

    
    

 2013)

    
    
    

    
    

 dated as of April 28
 2010
 between Canterbury Coffee Corporation and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed May 17
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    

 dated as of April 25
 2011
 by and between National Coffee Service &amp; Vending and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed May 17
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    

 dated as of May 12
 2011
 by and between Canterbury Coffee Corporation and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed May 17
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    

 dated as of August 11
 2011
 from the Company to Shane Whittle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed August 11
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    

 2011
 from the Company to Anh Tran (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 10
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    

 dated as of August 5
 2011
 from the Company to Rohan Marley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 10
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    

 dated as of August 10
 2011
 from the Company to Brent Toevs (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 10
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    

 dated as of January 1
 2012
 by and between the Company and Canterbury Coffee Corporation
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed May 14
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    

 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company&rsquo;s Amended Report on Form 10-Q/A
 filed on October 4
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    

 2013)




    
    




    
    

 2013)

    
    
    

    
    

 Denver
 Colorado 80211 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed September 12
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    

 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    

 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    

 2014)

    
    
    

    
    

 2015)




    
    

000 12% Convertible Note Issued September 9
 2015
 by Jammin Java Corp. in favor of JSJ Investments Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
 2015
 filed with the SEC on September 21
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    

 2015
 by Jammin Java Corp. and Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
 2015
 filed with the SEC on September 21
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    

 2015 ($1
005
000)
 by Jammin Java Corp. in favor of Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
 2015
 filed with the SEC on September 21
 2015)




    
    




    
    

 2015
 by and between Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC and Jammin Java Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
 2015
 filed with the SEC on September 21
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    

 2015 by and between Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC and Jammin Java Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
 2015
 filed with the SEC on September 21
 2015)




    
    

 2015
 by Jammin Java Corp. in favor of Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
 2015
 filed with the SEC on September 21
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    

 2015
 by Jammin Java Corp. in favor of JMJ Financial (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
 2015
 filed with the SEC on September 21
 2015)




    
    

 2015
 by and between Jammin Java Corp. and Vis Vires Group
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    

000 Convertible Promissory Note dated September 9
 2015
 by Jammin Java Corp. in favor of Vis Vires Group
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2
 2015) 

    
    

 2016 Side Letter Agreement with JSJ Investments
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24
 2016)

    
    

000) with Duck Duck Spruce
 LLC dated March 8
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24
 2016)

    
    

 2016)

    
    

 2015 (as amended) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24
 2016)

    
    

 2015 (as amended) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24
 2016)

    
    

 2015 (as amended) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24
 2016)

    
    

 2016
 by and between Jammin Java Corp. and Vis Vires Group
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24
 2016)

    
    

000 Convertible Promissory Note dated March 11
 2016
 by Jammin Java Corp. in favor of Vis Vires Group
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24
 2016)

    
    

000) with Duck Duck Spruce
 LLC dated March 15
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24
 2016)

    
    

 adopted March 31
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 1
 2014)

    
    

 2014)

    
    
Consent of Squar
 Milner
 Peterson
 Miranda &amp; Williamson
 LLP

    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.






    











 MILNER
 PETERSON
 MIRANDA & WILLIAMSON
 LLP



     







CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-1848860
 333-191780 and 333-210409)
of Jammin Java Corp. (hereinafter referred to as the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) of our report dated May 6
 2016 relating to our audits
of the Company&rsquo;s January 31
 2016 and 2015 financial statements
 which appear in this annual report on Form 10-K of Jammin
Java Corp. Our aforementioned audit report includes an emphasis paragraph relating to an uncertainty as to the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern.


SQUAR
 MILNER
 PETERSON
 MIRANDA &amp; WILLIAMSON
 LLP)

 California

 2016


    














     












I
 Brent Toevs
 certify that:



I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jammin




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and
other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for




The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of a Quarterly Report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    













     







CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002



I
 Anh Tran
 certify that:



I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jammin




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and
other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for




The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of a Quarterly Report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect




The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Chief Operating Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

    
    
    



    














     







CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO



being furnished solely to accompany the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31
&rdquo;)
pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350
&rdquo; to the Securities
&rdquo; either as part of the Report or as
part of the Report of as a separate disclosure statement
 and are not to be incorporated by referenced into the Report or any other
filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
&rdquo; for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of Section 18 or Section 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933
 as amended.

Certification of the Chief Executive
Officer


as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 the undersigned officer of Jammin Java
&rdquo;)
hereby certifies
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:


the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended January 31
&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the




the information contained in the Report fairly presents
in all material respects







    
/s/ Brent
    Toevs
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Certification of the Chief
Financial and Accounting Officer


as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 the undersigned officer of Jammin Java
&rdquo;)
hereby certifies
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:


the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended January 31
&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the




the information contained in the Report fairly presents
in all material respects







    
    
    

    
    

    

 Secretary and Treasurer

    

        



    






















        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        



      




          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 as well as certain financial statement disclosures. Certain accounting principles&#13;require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly
 a different financial&#13;presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
&#13;but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the assessment of the impairment of long-lived assets
 the allowance for&#13;doubtful accounts
 valuation allowances for deferred tax assets
 and valuation of our financial and equity instruments. While management&#13;believes that the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements are appropriate


&#13;2016 and 2015
 the Company has no cash equivalents. No funds were invested in money market accounts during the year ended January&#13;31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 which approximates actual&#13;cost
 on a first-in
 first-out basis. Inventories on hand are evaluated on an on-going basis to determine if any items are obsolete&#13;or in excess of future needs. Items determined to be obsolete are reserved for. From time to time the Company provides for the&#13;possible inability to sell its inventories by providing an excess inventory reserve. As of January 31
 2016 and 2015


 as incurred
 are charged to expense. Renewals&#13;and enhancements which extend the life or improve existing equipment are capitalized. Upon disposition or retirement of equipment
&#13;the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Depreciation&#13;is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets

&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;205
548&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;242
385&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Computers&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;67
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;67
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Furniture&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;66
507&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;75
851&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;151
373&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;151
373&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;490
973&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;537
154&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Less Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;303
135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;155
906&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;187
838&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;381

884 and $115
372&#13;for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015

    
    
    

 the assets are written down to their estimated fair values. Management evaluated the carrying value of the&#13;license and determined that no impairment existed at January 31


 &amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock&#13;Compensation
&amp;#148; which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for employee service
 management utilizes the&#13;Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock option awards at the date of grant
 which requires&#13;the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and assumptions&#13;can materially affect the measure of estimated fair value of our share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective and&#13;generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value
 some of the assumptions will be based&#13;on
 or determined from
 external data and other assumptions may be derived from our historical experience with stock-based payment&#13;arrangements. The appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment

 the measurement date occurs generally at the date of issuance of the stock. In more&#13;limited cases
 it occurs when a commitment for performance has been reached with the counterparty and nonperformance is subject&#13;to significant disincentives. If the total value of stock issued exceeds the par value




 including options
 warrants&#13;and convertible securities. The common stock equivalents from contingent shares are determined by the treasury stock method. The&#13;Company incurred a net loss for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and therefore
 basic and diluted earnings&#13;per share for those periods are the same because all potential common equivalent shares would be anti-dilutive. Anti-dilutive shares&#13;include -0- and 11
144
863 options for the years ended January 31


 or FASB
 Accounting Standards&#13;Update
 or ASU 2016-02 &amp;#147;Leases (Topic 842)&amp;#148; &amp;#150; &lt;/i&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which will require&#13;lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.&amp;#160; For income statement&#13;purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance.&amp;#160; Classification&#13;will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines.&amp;#160;&#13;Lessor accounting is similar to the current model
 but updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue&#13;recognition standard.&amp;#160; This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 18
 2018

&amp;#148; or ASU 2014-09&lt;/i&gt; - In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements&#13;of Accounting Standards Codification
 or ASC
 Topic 605 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition.&amp;#148; This ASU is effective for annual reporting&#13;periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with the option to adopt as early as December 15
 2017. We are currently assessing the&#13;impact of adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results of operations

    
    
    

 trade allowances and product terms. We record promotional and return allowances based on recent&#13;and historical trends. Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction&#13;to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates. Discounts&#13;and promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were $1
114
015 and $668
424

 acting as principal
 takes title to the product and assumes&#13;the risks of ownership; namely
 the risks of loss for collection


 including the terms for each customer
 and the length of time accounts receivable&#13;are outstanding. Management provides an allowance for accounts receivable whenever it is evident that they become uncollectible.&#13;The Company has determined that a $71
168 allowance for doubtful accounts was required at January 31
 2016 and $100
000 for January&#13;31
 2015. Because our accounts receivable are concentrated in a relatively few number of customers


    

&lt;br /&gt; 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt; &lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Finished Goods - Coffee&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;197
581&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: right&gt;197

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(48
667&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Total License Agreement Amortization Expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(48
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(48


&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 45%; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;328
208&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: right&gt;559

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&#13;2016 and 2015
 respectively there are licensing fees accrued and payable of $260
496 and $265
960 to Fifty-Six Hope Road
 for&#13;the license to use of the name &amp;#147;Marley Coffee&amp;#148;. From inception to January 31
 2016
 the Company has&#13;incurred royalties of $689

 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $602
191 and $764
598
 respectively
 from Marley Coffee Ltd. (&amp;#147;MC&amp;#148;) a producer of Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee that the Company purchases in the normal course of its business. The Company&amp;#146;s Chairman
 Rohan Marley

796 and $34
348 in rebates from MC during the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 on the Jamaican&#13;green coffee purchased. There were no rebates in the prior year. From our inception in 2011 to January 31
 2016
 the Company has&#13;made purchases of $2
938
886 after credits and rebates from MC. The Company directs these purchases to third-party roasters for&#13;fulfillment of sales orders. MC was created in order to have a license to buy and sell Jamaican Blue Mountain (JBM) Coffee. We&#13;buy JBM coffee at the most favorable market rate in the market. For the majority of transactions
 we buy raw unroasted beans from&#13;MC and then resell them to customers around the world. From time to time

&#13;LLC a company in which Rohan Marley is a beneficiary. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases&#13;of $11
833 and $40
798
 respectively
 from House of Marley. House of Marley produces headphones and speakers that the Company&#13;uses for promotions and trade shows. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $6
411 and&#13;$47
 respectively from Zion Rootswear. For the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015

 2016 of $1
408 to Island Records
 $860 to Delivery Agent (for product that is sold on the Bob Marley Website)&#13;and $539 to Zion Rootswear. For the year ending January 31
 2015 the Company has made sales to the following related parties $3
780&#13;to Homemedics
 $1
980 to Zion Rootswear
 and $646 to Bravado International. All of the companies above are licensees of Hope Road&#13;Merchandising
 LLC

 2016 and 2015
&#13;the Company paid Rohan Marley Enterprises and Rohan Marley $178
875 and $211
454
 respectively
 for directors consulting fees
&#13;stock salary and bonus and expense reimbursements. The January 31
 2016 total included $164
399 in cash payments and $14
476 in&#13;accrued director&amp;#146;s fees paid in February 2016. The January 31
 2015 total included $161
454 in cash payments and $50
000&#13;in stock bonus paid. The Company has paid Rohan Marley Enterprises $385
439 and Rohan Marley $106
335 for a total of $491
774&#13;from inception to January 31
 2016


 2016 is $2
053
298 and at January 31
 2015 $1
675
102 was due to Mother Parkers for coffee purchases. The total accounts receivable&#13;due from Mother Parkers as of January 31
 2016 and 2015 is $318
934 and $323

 2016 and 2015
 the Company paid Sondra Toevs $7
242 and $18
416
 respectively and Ellie Toevs $4
431 and $6
231
 respectively
&#13;for part-time employment. Sondra Toevs is the wife of the CEO
 Brent Toevs

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2015
 with an effective date&#13;        of         July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Black Rock Beverages
 LLC&#13;        (&amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;BRB&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;)
 pursuant         to which it sold its Black Rock Beverage division and related assets to BRB &#13;        (the         &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Sale Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;). Pursuant         to the Sale Agreement
 BRB agreed to pay the Company&#13;        $300
000 in cash
         with $200
000 payable on the closing date of the transaction         (&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;July&#13;        15
         2015)
&lt;/font&gt; and $100
000 payable in 24 equal monthly installments
 provided that         if BRB&amp;#146;s&#13;        average         sales do         not meet a minimum of $50
000 per month during each of the first six months following the&#13;        closing
                the aggregate         amount of $100
000 in payments due is reduced by $5
000 for each month such&#13;        $50
000 monthly minimum is         not met. Black             Rock Beverages
 LLC paid $61
000 in December 2015 for the final&#13;        payment owed under this purchase         agreement and the gain was         recognized         at that time. Additionally
 at&#13;        the sale date the Company agreed to continue to         pay the salary of one of its employees         acquired in the&#13;        Company&amp;#146;s         original acquisition of the Black Rock         Beverage division in August 2013 and to       &#13;        continue to cover the rent
 for five months
 on         a warehouse located         on Lipan St. in Denver
 Colorado
 and BRB&#13;        agreed         to assume certain of the Company&amp;#146;s capital and vehicle          leases. We also agreed to a six-month&#13;        freeze on         increasing any cost of goods purchased by BRB for products sold         through the Black         Rock&#13;        Beverage operations. Subsequent to December 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2016. We have the right to repay the JSJ Convertible Note (a) for an amount equal to 135% of&#13;the then balance of such note until the 180th day following the date of the note


&#13;so long as any amount is outstanding under the Typenex Note
 the Company is required to pay to Typenex installments of principal&#13;equal to $75
000 (or such lesser principal amount as is then outstanding)
 plus the sum of any accrued and unpaid interest. Payments&#13;of each installment amount may be made in cash
 subject to the terms of the note. Alternatively


 provided that the conversion price during&#13;major announcements (as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement&#13;date of such major announcement and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares&#13;of common stock issuable upon conversion of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are&#13;required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion&#13;price also includes anti-dilution protection such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible&#13;securities at a price equal to less than the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such&#13;issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
&#13;subject to certain exceptions in the note

    

 2016 (from March 9
 2016)
 and we agreed to amend the terms of the JSJ Note relating to prepayment
 to allow us the right to prepay the JSJ Note (a) from March 1
 2016 to September 9
 2016
 provided we pay a redemption premium of 135% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon
 and (b) from September 10
 2016 to the maturity date




 2016

    
    
    
    

    
    

 provided that the conversion price during major announcements&#13;(as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement date of such major announcement&#13;and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion&#13;of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for&#13;each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price also includes anti-dilution protection&#13;such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible securities at a price equal to less than&#13;the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion&#13;price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price


 we are required to issue the holder additional shares equal to 25% of the conversion&#13;amount
 and an additional 25% of such shares for each additional five business days beyond such fourth business day that such&#13;failure continues. In the event we do not have a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of common stock to allow&#13;for the conversion of the note


&#13;Typenex may convert the balance of the Typenex Note
 or any installment or portion thereof
 utilizing the conversion price calculation&#13;set forth below. Generally
 the conversion price will be $0.30 per share; however
 in the event the Company's market capitalization&#13;falls below $3 million
 then the conversion price is the lower of (a) $0.30 per share
 and (b) the Market Price. The &amp;#147;Market&#13;Price&amp;#148; is calculated by applying a discount of 40% (provided that under certain events the discount may be reduced to&#13;up to 60%
 upon the occurrence of certain events (with a reduction of 5% per event) such as the value of common stock (as calculated&#13;in the note) declining below $0.10 per share; the Company not being Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian -&amp;#160;DWAC eligible; the&#13;Company's common stock not being DTC eligible; or the occurrence of any major default (as described in the note))
 to the average&#13;of the three (3) lowest intra-day trading prices of the Company's common stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding&#13;the applicable conversion. The Company may also elect to make payment of installments in the form of equity on substantially the&#13;same terms
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Typenex Note
 and Typenex's right in certain cases to require a certain&#13;portion of such payment to be paid in cash or stock. Additionally
 20 days after shares issued upon redemption of the note are&#13;eligible to be freely traded by Typenex (as described in the note)
 there is a required true up


 at any time
 at the lesser of $0.75 per&#13;share or 65% (a 35% discount) of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock in the 20 trading days prior to the date of&#13;any conversion
 provided that if we are not DWAC eligible at the time of any conversion an additional 10% discount applies
 and&#13;in the event our common stock is not DTC eligible at the time of any conversion
 an additional 5% discount applies. The JMJ Convertible&#13;Note provides that unless we and JMJ agree in writing


 2016
 to convert the amount owed under the JSJ Note into shares&#13;of our common stock at a 40% discount to the third lowest trade during the previous 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
&#13;provided that in no event will such conversion price be less than $0.00005 per share; and (b) to add a 4.99% ownership limitation&#13;which prevents JSJ from converting the note into our common stock in the event it and its affiliates would beneficially own more&#13;than 4.99% of our common stock upon such conversion


&#13;at a 35% discount (increasing by 10% if we are placed on the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;chilled&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148; list with the DTC
 increasing by 5% if&#13;we are not DWAC eligible
 and increasing by another 5% upon the occurrence of any event of default under the note) to the average&#13;of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock during the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the date of conversion

    

&#13;JSJ agreed not to engage in any short sales or hedging transactions of our common stock. At no time may the JSJ Convertible Note&#13;be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in JSJ and its affiliates owning an aggregate of&#13;in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock


 pursuant to the Typenex Note
 unless the market capitalization of the Company's common stock&#13;is less than $10
000
000


 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject&#13;to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note&#13;(inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)

    








005








    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






310

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;as amended
 reporting requirements. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis&#13;Vires Convertible Note


 including in the event we fail to timely file any and all reports due with the Securities and Exchange&#13;Commission. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 JSJ can demand that we immediately repay 150% of the outstanding balance&#13;of the JSJ Convertible Note together with accrued interest (and default interest


 the Typenex Note may be accelerated by Typenex. The outstanding balance would be&#13;immediately due and payable and we are required to repay Typenex additional amounts (including the value of the amount then&#13;due in common stock
 at the highest intraday trading price of the amount then due under the note) and/or liquidated damages&#13;in addition to the amount owed under the Typenex Note. In addition


 our failure to timely make payments under the JMJ Convertible Note when due
 our entry into bankruptcy&#13;proceedings
 our failure to file reports with the SEC
 our loss of DTC eligibility for our common stock
 and the investor's loss&#13;of the ability to rely on Rule 144. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of an event of default
 as described in greater detail in&#13;the JMJ Convertible Note
 and at the election of JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ
 either (i) the amount then owed under the note&#13;divided by the applicable conversion price
 on the date the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is lower)
&#13;multiplied by the volume weighted average price on the date the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is&#13;higher)
 or (ii) 150% of the principal amount of the note
 plus all of the unpaid interest
 fees


 upon the occurrence of certain&#13;fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note




 as amended

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt; &lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Prepaid consulting services&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;15
721&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Prepaid administrative fees&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;14
450&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;18
986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;30
171&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;18



201
917&#13;and $10
280
985 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and has an accumulated deficit of $29
245
750 at January&#13;31
 2016. In addition to the Company&amp;#146;s recent history of losses
 the Company has only recently begun to generate revenue&#13;as part of its principal operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern. Further
 the operations of the Company have primarily been funded by the issuance of common stock and debt. In&#13;order for us to conduct our business for the next twelve months and to continue operations thereafter and be able to discharge&#13;our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business
 we must increase sales
 reduce operating expenses
 and potentially&#13;raise additional funds
 through either debt and/or equity financing to meet our working capital needs. No assurance can be given&#13;that additional financing will be available
 or if available
 will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital&#13;is not available

 establish profitable operations through increased sales and&#13;decreased expenses
 and obtain additional funds when needed. Management intends to increase sales by increasing the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s product offerings
 expanding its direct sales force and expanding its domestic and international distributor&#13;relationships. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the Commission to settle the claims made by the&#13;Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be approved or&#13;accepted. In the event the Company were to have to pay significant legal fees to defend itself against the allegations made&#13;in the complaint or pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient&#13;funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or&#13;seek bankruptcy protection

 FSHR can terminate that agreement under certain circumstances
 subject&#13;where applicable and as described in the agreement
 our right to cure such breaches and other events
 including: in the event the&#13;Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar government agency in any country
 territory or possession makes any negative&#13;or unlawful finding regarding our activities. Notwithstanding our categorical denial of the allegations made in the SEC&amp;#146;s&#13;November 2015 complaint
 as discussed below under &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Part I&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148; - &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Item 2. Legal Proceedings&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;
&#13;in the event the SEC&amp;#146;s complaint constitutes a &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;negative or unlawful finding regarding our activities&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;&#13;or we consent to any actions against us by the SEC in connection with the allegations made by the SEC in the November 2015 complaint&#13;which constitute a &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;negative or unlawful finding regarding our activities&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;

 could force us to scale&#13;back and/or abandon our business operations
 or force us to seek bankruptcy protection and could cause the value of our common&#13;stock to decline in value or become worthless. As we&amp;#146;ve stated above

 we may have to liquidate our assets
 and might realize significantly less than the values at which our net assets are&#13;carried on our financial statements






&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;205
548&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;242
385&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Computers&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;67
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;67
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Furniture&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;66
507&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;75
851&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;151
373&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;151
373&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;490
973&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;537
154&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Less Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;303
135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;155
906&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;187
838&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;381



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt; &lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Prepaid consulting services&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;15
721&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Prepaid administrative fees&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;14
450&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;18
986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;30
171&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;18

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;br /&gt; 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt; &lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Finished Goods - Coffee&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;197
581&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: right&gt;197


&lt;br /&gt; 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
&lt;br /&gt; 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Grocery retail clients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;1
159
120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;596
249&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;International&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;220
131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;172
705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Online clients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;3
856&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;15
718&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Other foodservice clients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;19
681&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;96
135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Licensing&amp;#160;- related party&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;83
939&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;373
445&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(71
168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(100
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;1
415
559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;1
154


 2010
 the Company obtained a&#13;sub-license agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with Marley Coffee
 LLC (&amp;#147;MCL&amp;#148;)
 a private limited liability company&#13;of which Rohan Marley
 a Director of the Company

 a Bahamas&#13;international business company (&amp;#147;Fifty-Six Hope Road&amp;#148;) owns and controls the intellectual property rights
 including&#13;the &amp;#147;Marley Coffee&amp;#148; trademarks relating to the late reggae performer
 Robert Nesta Marley
 professionally known as&#13;Bob Marley (the &amp;#147;Trademarks&amp;#148;). On March 31
 2010
 Fifty-Six Hope Road and MCL entered into an agreement which granted&#13;to MCL the exclusive
 oral
 terminable license to use the Trademarks and granted to the Company an exclusive
 terminable

 2010
 MCL entered into the Agreement&#13;with the Company
 effective March 30
 2010
 pursuant to which it sublicensed the use of the Trademarks to the Company (the &amp;#147;MCL&#13;Trademarks License Agreement&amp;#148;). Rohan Marley
 a director of the Company



&amp;#148; management recorded the transaction based on the estimated fair value of the perpetual license&#13;at the measurement date of March 31
 2010 totaling $766
000

 2011
 the parties expanded the&#13;scope of the MCL Trademarks License Agreement in favor of the Company by an amendment in consideration for the Company assuming&#13;$126
000 in additional obligations of MCL. As part of the Agreement
 the Company had issued 2
000

 2012
 the MCL Agreement was&#13;replaced and superseded with the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement with Fifty-Six Hope Road more fully described below. The MCL&#13;Termination Agreement provided that all of the Company&amp;#146;s obligations under the MCL Agreement were terminated except for the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s obligations to: (i) issue to MCL the 1 million shares of its common stock which were due to MCL on March 31
 2012&#13;(which obligation has since been forgiven); and (ii) repay its remaining outstanding debt obligation of $19
715 in monthly installments

 2012
 the Company entered&#13;into a new trademark license agreement with Fifty-Six Hope Road which superseded and replaced the MCL Trademarks License Agreement&#13;(the &amp;#147;2012 Trademarks License Agreement&amp;#148;)
 with an effective date of August 7
 2012. Pursuant to the 2012 Trademarks&#13;License Agreement
 Fifty-Six Hope Road granted to the Company a worldwide
 exclusive
 non-transferable license to utilize the Trademarks&#13;in connection with (i) the manufacturing
 advertising
 promotion
 sale
 offering for sale and distribution of coffee in all its&#13;forms and derivations
 regardless of portions sizes or packaging (the &amp;#147;Exclusive Licensed Products&amp;#148;) and (ii) coffee&#13;roasting services
 coffee production services and coffee sales
 supply
 distribution and support services
 provided however that&#13;the Company may not open retail coffee houses under the Trademarks. In addition
 Fifty Six Hope Road granted the Company the right&#13;to use the Trademarks on advertising and promotional materials that pertain solely to the sale of coffee cups
 coffee mugs
 coffee&#13;glasses
 saucers
 milk steamers
 machines for brewing coffee
 espresso and/or cappuccino
 grinders
 water treatment products
 tea&#13;products
 chocolate products
 and ready-to-use (instant) coffee products (the &amp;#147;Non-Exclusive Licensed Products&amp;#148;
 and&#13;together with the Exclusive Licensed Products
 the &amp;#147;Licensed Products&amp;#148;). The Licensed Products may be sold by the Company&#13;pursuant to the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement through all channels of distribution
 provided that
 subject to certain exceptions
&#13;the Company cannot sell the Licensed Products by direct marketing methods (other than the Company&amp;#146;s website)
 including television
&#13;infomercials or direct mail without the prior written consent of Fifty-Six Hope Road. The 2012 Trademarks License Agreement has&#13;a 15 year term and provides two renewal periods of 15 years at the discretion of the Company. In return
 the Company agreed to&#13;pay royalties to Fifty-Six Hope Road in an amount equal to 3% of the net sales of all Licensed Products. In addition
 such royalty&#13;payments are to be deferred during the first 20 months of the term of the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement
 and such deferred&#13;payments shall be paid on a quarterly-basis thereafter. The total owed to Fifty-Six Hope&#13;Road is $264
670 at January 31

&#13;the Company recorded an impairment of license agreement assets totaling $36
000 and amortization expense totaling $24
333 for&#13;the year ended January 31
 2013. No impairment was recorded for the year ended January 31
 2016 and amortization expense was $48
666&#13;and $48
667 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015

 net consists of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&#13;    31

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;730
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(170
332&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(121
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;License Agreement
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;559
668&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;608


666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(48
667&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Total License Agreement Amortization Expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(48
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(48

 2016

&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 45%; text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;46
292&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;328
208&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: right&gt;559









005








 LLC
 dba Gold Gross&#13;Capital LLC
 with an effective date of February 16
 2015. The line of credit allows the Company the right to borrow up to $500
000&#13;from the lender from time to time. On March 26
 2015
 the lender advanced $250
000 to us under the terms of the line of credit.&#13;Amounts owed under the line of credit are to be memorialized by revolving credit notes in the form attached to the line of credit
&#13;provided that no formal note has been entered into to advance amounts borrowed to date. Amounts borrowed under the line of credit&#13;accrue interest at the rate of 17.5% per annum and can be repaid at any time without penalty. A total of 10% of the interest rate&#13;is payable in cash and the other 7.5% of the interest rate is payable in cash
 or coffee goods and services
 at the option of&#13;the lender
 with our consent.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The line of credit expires
 and all amounts are due under the line of credit on September&#13;26
 2016. The line of credit contains customary events of default
 and upon the occurrence of an event of default the lender can&#13;suspend further advances and require the Company to declare the entire amount then owed immediately due
 subject to a 10 day period&#13;pursuant to which we have the right to cure any default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default the amounts owed under the&#13;line of credit bear interest at the rate of 20% per annum. Proceeds from the line of credit can be solely used for working capital&#13;purposes. The lender has no relationship with the Company or its affiliates. As of January 31
 2016
 the Company had borrowed&#13;a total of $250
000 under the Line of Credit. As of January 31
 2016 there was $162
347 outstanding which included $141
900 in&#13;principle and $20

 2015
 we entered into a 12% Convertible Note to JSJ Investments Inc. (&amp;#147;JSJ&amp;#148; and the &amp;#147;JSJ Convertible&#13;Note&amp;#148;) in the amount of $275
000. Amounts owed under the JSJ Convertible Note accrue interest at the rate of 12% per annum&#13;(18% upon an event of default). The JSJ Convertible Note is payable by us on demand by JSJ at any time after March 6
 2016. We&#13;have the right to repay the JSJ Convertible Note (a) for an amount equal to 135% of the then balance of such note until the 180th&amp;#160;day&#13;following the date of the note

 we are required to issue the&#13;holder additional shares equal to 25% of the conversion amount
 and an additional 25% of such shares for each additional five&#13;business days beyond such fourth business day that such failure continues. In the event we do not have a sufficient number of&#13;authorized but unissued shares of common stock to allow for the conversion of the note

 we agreed to pay $5

 including in the event we fail to timely file any and&#13;all reports due with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 JSJ can demand that we&#13;immediately repay 150% of the outstanding balance of the JSJ Convertible Note together with accrued interest (and default interest

 JSJ agreed not to engage in any short sales or hedging transactions of our common stock.&#13;At no time may the JSJ Convertible Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in JSJ and&#13;its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock



 2015 (the &amp;#147;Closing Date&amp;#148;)
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 14
&#13;2015 (the &amp;#147;Typenex SPA&amp;#148;) with Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (&amp;#147;Typenex&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Typenex SPA
 the Company&#13;issued to Typenex a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#147;Typenex Note&amp;#148;) in the principal amount of $1
005
000

005
000
 in the form of: (a) an initial tranche of $250
000 in cash (gross&#13;proceeds of $255
000
 less $5
000 in expense reimbursements)
 and (b) three promissory notes of $250
000 each (collectively
 the&#13;&amp;#147;Investor Notes&amp;#148;). Typenex may elect
 in its sole discretion
 to fund one or more of the Investor Notes. Absent such&#13;an election by Typenex
 the Investor Notes will not result in cash proceeds to
 or an obligation to repay on the part of
 the&#13;Company. Each of the Investor Notes accrue interest at the rate of 10% per annum until paid (provided that all amounts due under&#13;the Investor Notes may be offset against amounts we owe Typenex in Typenex&amp;#146;s sole discretion)
 and as such

&#13;so long as any amount is outstanding under the Typenex Note
 the Company is required to pay to Typenex installments of principal&#13;equal to $75
000 (or such lesser principal amount as is then outstanding)
 plus the sum of any accrued and unpaid interest. Payments&#13;of each installment amount may be made in cash
 subject to the terms of the note. Alternatively

 Typenex may convert the balance of the Typenex Note
 or any installment or portion thereof
&#13;utilizing the conversion price calculation set forth below. Generally
 the conversion price will be $0.30 per share; however
&#13;in the event the Company&amp;#146;s market capitalization falls below $3 million
 then the conversion price is the lower of (a) $0.30&#13;per share
 and (b) the Market Price. The &amp;#147;Market Price&amp;#148; is calculated by applying a discount of 40% (provided that under&#13;certain events the discount may be reduced to up to 60%
 upon the occurrence of certain events (with a reduction of 5% per event)&#13;such as the value of common stock (as calculated in the note) declining below $0.10 per share; the Company not being Deposit/Withdrawal&#13;At Custodian &amp;#150; DWAC eligible; the Company&amp;#146;s common stock not being DTC eligible; or the occurrence of any major default&#13;(as described in the note))
 to the average of the three (3) lowest intra-day trading prices of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock&#13;during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. The Company may also elect to make payment of&#13;installments in the form of equity on substantially the same terms
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Typenex Note
 and&#13;Typenex&amp;#146;s right in certain cases to require a certain portion of such payment to be paid in cash or stock. Additionally
&#13;20 days after shares issued upon redemption of the note are eligible to be freely traded by Typenex (as described in the note)
&#13;there is a required true up


&#13;at any time that the Typenex Note is outstanding
 the Company sells or issues any common stock or other securities exercisable&#13;for
 or convertible into
 Common Stock for a price per share that is less than the conversion price applicable under the Typenex&#13;Note

 the Typenex Note may be accelerated by&#13;Typenex. The outstanding balance would be immediately due and payable and we are required to repay Typenex additional amounts&#13;(including the value of the amount then due in common stock
 at the highest intraday trading price of the amount then due under&#13;the note) and/or liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Typenex Note. In addition

 pursuant to the Typenex Note
 unless the market&#13;capitalization of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock is less than $10
000
000



 2016
 the outstanding balance of the Typenex Note was $255

 2015
 we sold JMJ Financial (&amp;#147;JMJ&amp;#148;) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to $900
000&#13;(the &amp;#147;JMJ Convertible Note&amp;#148;). The initial amount received in connection with the sale of the JMJ Convertible Note was&#13;$350
000
 and a total of $385
000 is currently due under the JMJ Convertible Note (not including the interest charge described&#13;below)
 as all amounts borrowed under the note include a 10% original issue discount. Moving forward
 JMJ may loan us additional&#13;funds (up to $900
000 in aggregate) at our request
 provided that JMJ has the right in its sole discretion to approve any future&#13;request for additional funding. Each advance under the JMJ Convertible Note is due two years from the date of such advance
 with&#13;the amount initially funded under the note due on September 16

 at any time
 at the lesser of $0.75 per share or 65% (a 35% discount) of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock&#13;in the 20 trading days prior to the date of any conversion
 provided that if we are not DWAC eligible at the time of any conversion&#13;an additional 10% discount applies
 and in the event our common stock is not DTC eligible at the time of any conversion
 an additional&#13;5% discount applies. The JMJ Convertible Note provides that unless we and JMJ agree in writing


 we are able to prepay the note assuming we prepay all outstanding principal together with&#13;a penalty of 40% of such amount
 interest
 fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
 and the original issuance discount due thereon;&#13;and after 160 days

 we are required to pay JMJ $2

 our failure to timely make payments under the JMJ Convertible&#13;Note when due
 our entry into bankruptcy proceedings
 our failure to file reports with the SEC
 our loss of DTC eligibility for&#13;our common stock
 and the investor&amp;#146;s loss of the ability to rely on Rule 144. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of an event&#13;of default
 as described in greater detail in the JMJ Convertible Note
 and at the election of JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ
&#13;either (i) the amount then owed under the note divided by the applicable conversion price
 on the date the default occurs or the&#13;default amount is demanded (whichever is lower)
 multiplied by the volume weighted average price on the date the default occurs&#13;or the default amount is demanded (whichever is higher)
 or (ii) 150% of the principal amount of the note
 plus all of the unpaid&#13;interest
 fees


 2015
&amp;#160;we&amp;#160;sold Vis Vires Group
 Inc. (&amp;#147;Vis Vires&amp;#148;) a Convertible Promissory Note (with an issuance&#13;date of September 9
 2015) in the principal amount of $254
000 (the &amp;#147;Vis Vires Convertible Note&amp;#148;)
 pursuant to a Securities&#13;Purchase Agreement
 dated September 9
 2015. The Vis Vires Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum (22% upon&#13;an event of default) and is due and payable on June 11
 2016. The Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard and customary&#13;events of default such as failing to timely make payments under the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the failure of the&#13;Company to timely comply with Exchange Act reporting requirements.&amp;#160;Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental&#13;defaults
 as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note

 provided that the conversion price during major announcements (as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the&#13;lower of the conversion price on the announcement date of such major announcement and the conversion price on the date of conversion.&#13;In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the note within three business days of&#13;our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for each day that we fail to deliver such&#13;shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price also includes anti-dilution protection such that in the event we issue&#13;or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible securities at a price equal to less than the conversion price of the&#13;Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible&#13;Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
 subject to certain exceptions in the note

 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th&#13;day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then&#13;outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)



 2016
 which consist of convertible&#13;instruments and rights to shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 and determined that such derivatives meet the criteria for&#13;liability classification under ASC 815. Conversion feature-derivative liability totaled $778
951 at January 31






310

&#13;net of discounts at January 31
 2016 totaled $1
029
558
 which consists of total borrowings and accrued interest of $1
613
666&#13;reduced by $584

 we borrowed $150
000 from a third-party lender. The October 2015 loan has a seven-month term
 a total payback amount&#13;of $202
500 and is payable by way of 147 daily payments of $1
378. In November 2015
 we borrowed $65
000 from the same lender.&#13;The November 2015 loan has a term of six months
 a total payable amount of $89
700 and is payable by way of 126 daily payments&#13;of $712. In January 2016
 we borrowed $220
000 from the same lender (of which $91
887.70 was new lending and $128
112.30 was used&#13;to repay the balance on the October 2015 loan). The January 2016 loan has a term of ten months
 a total payback amount of $290
400&#13;and is payable by way of 210 daily payments of $1
383. There was $215
173 outstanding as of January 31
 2016. In February 2016
&#13;we borrowed $100
000 from the same lender which has a six-month term
 a total payback amount of $130
000 and is payable by way&#13;of 126 daily payments of $1
032. In April 2016
 we borrowed $115
000 from the same lender (of which $90
000 was new lending and&#13;the remainder was used to pay back the balance on the November 2015 loan). The April 2016 loan has a term of eight months
 a total&#13;payable amount of $158
700 and is payable by way of 168 daily payments of $945. The loans are secured by a security interest in&#13;all of our accounts
 equipment


 2016 two vendors accounted for 42% of our purchases. During the year ended January 31
 2015 three vendors&#13;accounted for 61% of our purchases. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 three distributors accounted for 42% and&#13;two customers accounted for 52% of our net revenues

517 and $1
546
422
 respectively. The Canadian RealCup licensing revenue&#13;for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 were $410
153 and $282
641

723 for green coffee and whole bean coffee and for fiscal 2015 sales in South Korea&#13;totaled $227

658 and for fiscal 2015 sales in Chile totaled $196


&lt;br /&gt; 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
&lt;br /&gt; 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Grocery retail clients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;1
159
120&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;596
249&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;International&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;220
131&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;172
705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Online clients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;3
856&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;15
718&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Other foodservice clients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;19
681&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;96
135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Licensing&amp;#160;- related party&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;83
939&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;373
445&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(71
168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(100
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;1
415
559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;1
154


 net consists of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&#13;    31

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;730
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(170
332&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;(121
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;License Agreement
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;559
668&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;608


 including a valuation allowance
 are as follows at January 31

821
077&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;6
392
132&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
728
166&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
212
946&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Charitable contribution carry forward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;52
414&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Allowance for bad debts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26
372&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;37
056&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0.375in&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
628
029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
642
133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(9
628
029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(8
642

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject to payment of&#13;a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued&#13;and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)




 we are able to&#13;prepay the note assuming we prepay all outstanding principal together with a penalty of 40% of such amount
 interest
&#13;fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
 and the original issuance discount due thereon; and after 160 days


 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date.&#13;Any prepayment is subject to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance of the&#13;Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)




 at any time that the Typenex Note is outstanding
 the&#13;Company sells or issues any common stock or other securities exercisable for
 or convertible into
 Common Stock for a price&#13;per share that is less than the conversion price applicable under the Typenex Note


 we are required to pay JMJ $2

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 forward
 swap
 option contract
&#13;or other financial instrument with similar characteristics
 including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts&#13;and for hedging activities. As a matter of policy
 the Company does not invest in separable financial derivatives or engage in&#13;hedging transactions. However
 the Company entered into certain debt financing transactions in fiscal 2016
 as disclosed in Note&#13;8
 containing certain embedded features that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. The Company may engage&#13;in other similar complex financing transactions in the future
 but not with the intention to enter into derivative instruments.&#13;Derivatives are measured at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model and marked to market through earnings. However
&#13;such new and/or complex instruments may have immature or limited markets. As a result
 the pricing models used for valuation of&#13;derivatives often incorporate significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect&#13;the estimate of the fair value of derivative liabilities and
 consequently
 the related amount recognized as a change in fair&#13;value of derivative liabilities on the consolidated statement of operations. Furthermore
 depending on the terms of a derivative


 we adopted the&#13;guidance
 as codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification&#13;(&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) 815-40
 &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging
 Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and&#13;Potentially Settled in
 a Company's Own Stock&lt;/i&gt;
 that requires us to apply a two-step model in determining whether a&#13;financial instrument or an embedded feature is indexed to our own stock and thus enables it to qualify for equity&#13;classification. The embedded conversion option features did not qualify for equity classification as they had no conversion&#13;price floor and as such required treatment as derivative liabilities. Accordingly
 $778
951 of conversion feature derivative&#13;liabilities are carried at January 31


 BRB agreed to pay the Company&#13;        $300
000 in cash
         with $200
000 payable on the closing date of the transaction         (&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;July&#13;        15
         2015)
&lt;/font&gt; and $100
000 payable in 24 equal monthly installments
 provided that         if BRB&amp;#146;s&#13;        average         sales do         not meet a minimum of $50
000 per month during each of the first six months following the&#13;        closing
                the aggregate         amount of $100
000 in payments due is reduced by $5
000 for each month such&#13;        $50
000 monthly minimum is         not met. Black             Rock Beverages
 LLC paid $61
000 in December 2015 for the final&#13;        payment owed under this purchase         agreement and the gain was         recognized         at that time. Additionally
 at&#13;        the sale date the Company agreed to continue to         pay the salary of one of its employees         acquired in the&#13;        Company&amp;#146;s         original acquisition of the Black Rock         Beverage division in August 2013 and to       &#13;        continue to cover the rent
 for five months
 on         a warehouse located         on Lipan St. in Denver
 Colorado
 and BRB&#13;        agreed         to assume certain of the Company&amp;#146;s capital and vehicle          leases. We also agreed to a six-month&#13;        freeze on         increasing any cost of goods purchased by BRB for products sold         through the Black         Rock&#13;        Beverage operations. Subsequent to December 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    

 2016
 &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;we&#13;entered into a side letter agreement with JSJ. Pursuant to the side letter agreement
 JSJ agreed to extend the maturity date of&#13;the JSJ Note to December 9
 2016 (from March 9
 2016)

    

 2016
 the Company entered into a settlement&#13;and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among other things
 the provider has agreed&#13;to buy out the Company&amp;#146;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period from March 15
 2011 to March 15
&#13;2012 for $400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;Inc. and Bike Caffe Franchising Inc. &lt;/b&gt;On August 16
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including inventory
 fixed assets
&#13;and IP owned by BlackRock Beverage Services Inc. for $81
118 in total consideration consisting of $10
000 in cash and 158
039 common&#13;shares of the Company valued at $71
118. In addition
 on December 4
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including fixed&#13;assets
 inventory
 IP and trademarks owned by Bike Caffe Franchising
 Inc. for total consideration of $140
000 consisting of $40
000&#13;in cash and 250
000 common shares of the Company valued at $100
000. No liabilities were assumed as part of the acquisitions. The&#13;acquisitions were accounted for by the Company using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles&#13;generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#147;GAAP&amp;#148;). Accordingly
 at the date of acquisition
 the net assets&#13;of BlackRock and BikeCaffe were recorded at their respective fair values and represents management&amp;#146;s estimates based on a&#13;third party valuation report. The Company incurred $5
000 of acquisition-related costs



656&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Fixed Assets - Property and Equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Tangible&#13;    Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;83
056&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets Acquired&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Customer Base&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 24pt&gt;Trade-Name/Marks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Non-Compete&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;14
100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 12pt&gt;Total Intangible Assets Acquired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;49
900&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7
044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Consideration Paid&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;140





656&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Fixed Assets - Property and Equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Tangible&#13;    Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;83
056&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets Acquired&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Customer Base&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 24pt&gt;Trade-Name/Marks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Non-Compete&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;14
100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 12pt&gt;Total Intangible Assets Acquired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;49
900&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7
044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Consideration Paid&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;140


 operates as a United States (U.S.) based company providing premium roasted coffee on a wholesale&#13;level to the grocery
 retail
 online
 service
 hospitality
 office coffee service and big box store industry. Through the use of&#13;our roaster distributor relationships
 we have the exclusive right to manufacture and market our coffee lines to gourmet
 natural&#13;and independent grocery markets in the U.S.
 Canada

 the terms &amp;#147;we
&amp;#148;&#13;&amp;#147;us
&amp;#148; &amp;#147;our
&amp;#148; &amp;#147;Jammin Java&amp;#148; and &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148; mean Jammin Java Corp.

 who are responsible for their&#13;integrity and objectivity. In the opinion of management
 these accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted&#13;in the United States of America (&amp;#147;GAAP&amp;#148;) in all material respects


201
917&#13;and $10
280
985 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and has an accumulated deficit of $29
245
750 at January&#13;31
 2016. In addition to the Company&amp;#146;s recent history of losses
 the Company has only recently begun to generate revenue&#13;as part of its principal operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern. Further
 the operations of the Company have primarily been funded by the issuance of common stock and debt. In&#13;order for us to conduct our business for the next twelve months and to continue operations thereafter and be able to discharge&#13;our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business
 we must increase sales
 reduce operating expenses
 and potentially&#13;raise additional funds
 through either debt and/or equity financing to meet our working capital needs. No assurance can be given&#13;that additional financing will be available
 or if available
 will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital&#13;is not available

 establish profitable operations through increased sales and&#13;decreased expenses
 and obtain additional funds when needed. Management intends to increase sales by increasing the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s product offerings
 expanding its direct sales force and expanding its domestic and international distributor&#13;relationships. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the Commission to settle the claims made by the&#13;Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be approved or&#13;accepted. In the event the Company were to have to pay significant legal fees to defend itself against the allegations made&#13;in the complaint or pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient&#13;funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or&#13;seek bankruptcy protection

 FSHR can terminate that agreement under certain circumstances
 subject&#13;where applicable and as described in the agreement
 our right to cure such breaches and other events
 including: in the event the&#13;Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar government agency in any country
 territory or possession makes any negative&#13;or unlawful finding regarding our activities. Notwithstanding our categorical denial of the allegations made in the SEC&amp;#146;s&#13;November 2015 complaint
 as discussed below under &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Part I&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148; - &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Item 2. Legal Proceedings&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;
&#13;in the event the SEC&amp;#146;s complaint constitutes a &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;negative or unlawful finding regarding our activities&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;&#13;or we consent to any actions against us by the SEC in connection with the allegations made by the SEC in the November 2015 complaint&#13;which constitute a &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;negative or unlawful finding regarding our activities&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;

 could force us to scale&#13;back and/or abandon our business operations
 or force us to seek bankruptcy protection and could cause the value of our common&#13;stock to decline in value or become worthless. As we&amp;#146;ve stated above

 we may have to liquidate our assets
 and might realize significantly less than the values at which our net assets are&#13;carried on our financial statements

 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 as well as certain financial statement disclosures. Certain accounting principles&#13;require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly
 a different financial&#13;presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
&#13;but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the assessment of the impairment of long-lived assets
 the allowance for&#13;doubtful accounts
 valuation allowances for deferred tax assets
 and valuation of our financial and equity instruments. While management&#13;believes that the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements are appropriate

 accounts receivables
 accounts payables

 a framework for measuring fair value
 and providing expanded disclosures concerning fair value whereby estimated&#13;fair value is the price to be paid for an asset or the amount to settle a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants&#13;at the measurement date. Accordingly

 either directly or indirectly. These inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as other inputs such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;Level 3 &amp;#150; Inputs are unobservable&#13;inputs
 including inputs that are available in situations where there is little
 if any

&#13;the Company had no assets or liabilities carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of and for the years ended January&#13;31

&#13;2016 and 2015
 the Company has no cash equivalents. No funds were invested in money market accounts during the year ended January&#13;31


 trade allowances and product terms. We record promotional and return allowances based on recent&#13;and historical trends. Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction&#13;to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates. Discounts&#13;and promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were $1
114
015 and $668
424

 acting as principal
 takes title to the product and assumes&#13;the risks of ownership; namely
 the risks of loss for collection

 including the terms for each customer
 and the length of time accounts receivable&#13;are outstanding. Management provides an allowance for accounts receivable whenever it is evident that they become uncollectible.&#13;The Company has determined that a $71
168 allowance for doubtful accounts was required at January 31
 2016 and $100
000 for January&#13;31
 2015. Because our accounts receivable are concentrated in a relatively few number of customers

 which approximates actual&#13;cost
 on a first-in
 first-out basis. Inventories on hand are evaluated on an on-going basis to determine if any items are obsolete&#13;or in excess of future needs. Items determined to be obsolete are reserved for. From time to time the Company provides for the&#13;possible inability to sell its inventories by providing an excess inventory reserve. As of January 31
 2016 and 2015

&#13;Inc. and Bike Caffe Franchising Inc. &lt;/b&gt;On August 16
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including inventory
 fixed assets
&#13;and IP owned by BlackRock Beverage Services Inc. for $81
118 in total consideration consisting of $10
000 in cash and 158
039 common&#13;shares of the Company valued at $71
118. In addition
 on December 4
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including fixed&#13;assets
 inventory
 IP and trademarks owned by Bike Caffe Franchising
 Inc. for total consideration of $140
000 consisting of $40
000&#13;in cash and 250
000 common shares of the Company valued at $100
000. No liabilities were assumed as part of the acquisitions. The&#13;acquisitions were accounted for by the Company using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles&#13;generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#147;GAAP&amp;#148;). Accordingly
 at the date of acquisition
 the net assets&#13;of BlackRock and BikeCaffe were recorded at their respective fair values and represents management&amp;#146;s estimates based on a&#13;third party valuation report. The Company incurred $5
000 of acquisition-related costs



656&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Fixed Assets - Property and Equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Tangible&#13;    Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;83
056&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets Acquired&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Customer Base&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 24pt&gt;Trade-Name/Marks&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 24pt&gt;Non-Compete&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;14
100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 12pt&gt;Total Intangible Assets Acquired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;49
900&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7
044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Consideration Paid&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;b&gt;140


 as incurred
 are charged to expense. Renewals&#13;and enhancements which extend the life or improve existing equipment are capitalized. Upon disposition or retirement of equipment
&#13;the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Depreciation&#13;is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets

&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;205
548&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;242
385&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Computers&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;67
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;67
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Furniture&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;66
507&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;75
851&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;151
373&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;151
373&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;490
973&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;537
154&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;Less Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;303
135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;155
906&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;187
838&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double; font-size: 10pt; text-align: right&gt;381

884 and $115
372&#13;for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015

 the assets are written down to their estimated fair values. Management evaluated the carrying value of the&#13;license and determined that no impairment existed at January 31

 &amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock&#13;Compensation
&amp;#148; which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for employee service
 management utilizes the&#13;Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock option awards at the date of grant
 which requires&#13;the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and assumptions&#13;can materially affect the measure of estimated fair value of our share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective and&#13;generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value
 some of the assumptions will be based&#13;on
 or determined from
 external data and other assumptions may be derived from our historical experience with stock-based payment&#13;arrangements. The appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment

 the measurement date occurs generally at the date of issuance of the stock. In more&#13;limited cases
 it occurs when a commitment for performance has been reached with the counterparty and nonperformance is subject&#13;to significant disincentives. If the total value of stock issued exceeds the par value


 including options
 warrants&#13;and convertible securities. The common stock equivalents from contingent shares are determined by the treasury stock method. The&#13;Company incurred a net loss for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and therefore
 basic and diluted earnings&#13;per share for those periods are the same because all potential common equivalent shares would be anti-dilutive. Anti-dilutive shares&#13;include -0- and 11
144
863 options for the years ended January 31

 forward
 swap
 option contract
&#13;or other financial instrument with similar characteristics
 including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts&#13;and for hedging activities. As a matter of policy
 the Company does not invest in separable financial derivatives or engage in&#13;hedging transactions. However
 the Company entered into certain debt financing transactions in fiscal 2016
 as disclosed in Note&#13;8
 containing certain embedded features that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. The Company may engage&#13;in other similar complex financing transactions in the future
 but not with the intention to enter into derivative instruments.&#13;Derivatives are measured at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model and marked to market through earnings. However
&#13;such new and/or complex instruments may have immature or limited markets. As a result
 the pricing models used for valuation of&#13;derivatives often incorporate significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect&#13;the estimate of the fair value of derivative liabilities and
 consequently
 the related amount recognized as a change in fair&#13;value of derivative liabilities on the consolidated statement of operations. Furthermore
 depending on the terms of a derivative


 we adopted the&#13;guidance
 as codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification&#13;(&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) 815-40
 &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging
 Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and&#13;Potentially Settled in
 a Company's Own Stock&lt;/i&gt;
 that requires us to apply a two-step model in determining whether a&#13;financial instrument or an embedded feature is indexed to our own stock and thus enables it to qualify for equity&#13;classification. The embedded conversion option features did not qualify for equity classification as they had no conversion&#13;price floor and as such required treatment as derivative liabilities. Accordingly
 $778
951 of conversion feature derivative&#13;liabilities are carried at January 31

 &amp;#147;Fair Value Measurements&#13;and Disclosures&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 820&amp;#148;)

 if available


 if available
 when determining fair value. There&#13;were no transfers between Level 1
 Level 2 and/or Level 3 during fiscal 2016. Our fair value measurements at the January 31


951&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;778

 or FASB
 Accounting Standards&#13;Update
 or ASU 2016-02 &amp;#147;Leases (Topic 842)&amp;#148; &amp;#150; &lt;/i&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which will require&#13;lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.&amp;#160; For income statement&#13;purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance.&amp;#160; Classification&#13;will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines.&amp;#160;&#13;Lessor accounting is similar to the current model
 but updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue&#13;recognition standard.&amp;#160; This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 18
 2018

&amp;#148; or ASU 2014-09&lt;/i&gt; - In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements&#13;of Accounting Standards Codification
 or ASC
 Topic 605 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition.&amp;#148; This ASU is effective for annual reporting&#13;periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with the option to adopt as early as December 15
 2017. We are currently assessing the&#13;impact of adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results of operations



 accounts receivables
 accounts payables

 a framework for measuring fair value
 and providing expanded disclosures concerning fair value whereby estimated&#13;fair value is the price to be paid for an asset or the amount to settle a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants&#13;at the measurement date. Accordingly

 either directly or indirectly. These inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as other inputs such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;Level 3 &amp;#150; Inputs are unobservable&#13;inputs
 including inputs that are available in situations where there is little
 if any

&#13;the Company had no assets or liabilities carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of and for the years ended January&#13;31


 &amp;#147;Fair Value Measurements&#13;and Disclosures&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 820&amp;#148;)

 if available


 if available
 when determining fair value. There&#13;were no transfers between Level 1
 Level 2 and/or Level 3 during fiscal 2016. Our fair value measurements at the January 31


951&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;778



951&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;778



 2016
 the Company had 5
112
861

 2016

894
044 shares in exchange for services from vendors providing finance
 business development
 investor relations and other services valued at $204
284.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;130
488 shares retired for $50


 2011
 the Board of Directors&#13;approved the Company&amp;#146;s 2011 Equity Compensation Plan (the &amp;#147;2011 Plan&amp;#148;). The 2011 Plan authorizes the issuance&#13;of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 performance shares&#13;and other securities as described in greater detail in the 2011 Plan
 to the Company&amp;#146;s employees
 officers
 directors and&#13;consultants. A total of 20
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2011 Plan
 which has not been approved by the stockholders&#13;of the Company as of January 31
 2016 a total of 16
333

 2012
 the Board of Directors&#13;approved the Company&amp;#146;s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated on September 19
 2013 (as amended and restated
&#13;the &amp;#147;2012 Plan&amp;#148;). The 2012 Plan authorizes the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive&#13;or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities&#13;as described in greater detail in the 2012 Plan
 to the Company&amp;#146;s employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. A total&#13;of 12
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2012 Plan
 which has been approved by the stockholders of the Company
&#13;and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 436

 2013
 the Board of Directors&#13;approved the Company&amp;#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#147;2013 Plan&amp;#148;). The 2013 Plan authorizes the issuance of&#13;various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock&#13;appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities as described in greater detail in the 2013 Plan
 to the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. A total of 12
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2013 Plan
 which&#13;has been approved by the stockholders of the Company to date
 and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 2
363

 2015
 the Board of Directors approved&#13;and adopted the Company&amp;#146;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated by the Board of Directors on March 10
&#13;2016 (the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 the &amp;#147;2015 Plan&amp;#148;). The sole amendment to the 2015 Plan which&#13;was affected by the entry into the amended and restated plan was to clarify and confirm that no awards under the 2015 Plan can&#13;be issued or granted to any person under the 2015 Plan in connection with
 or in consideration for
 the offer or sale of securities&#13;in a capital-raising transaction
 or where such services directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;securities. The 2015 Plan authorizes the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified&#13;options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities as described&#13;in greater detail in the 2015 Plan
 to the Company&amp;#146;s employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. Subject to adjustment&#13;in connection with the payment of a stock dividend
 a stock split or subdivision or combination of the shares of common stock
&#13;or a reorganization or reclassification of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 the maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock&#13;which may be issued pursuant to awards under the 2015 Plan is 17
500
000 shares
 and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 11
500

 as well as the type
 size and terms and conditions of each award
 including the exercise price&#13;of stock options
 the number of shares subject to awards
 the expiration date of awards

 2016 and related balances outstanding as of that date are set forth below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Number of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Reaming Contract&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Term (# of years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;Outstanding at February 1
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;17
260
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;0.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;4.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;820
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(50
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited and canceled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(200
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at January 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;17
830
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.63&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Exercisable at January 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
952
633&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.33&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.33&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Outstanding at February 1
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
830
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.63&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
780
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.30&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited and canceled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
020
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at January 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;23
590
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.19&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Exercisable at January 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
151
658&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.28&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;2.22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;During the years ended January 31
 2016 and&#13;2015
 the Company recognized share-based compensation expenses totaling $1
713
764 and $1
864
995
 respectively. The remaining&#13;amount of unamortized stock options expense at January 31
 2015 is $1
651

333 options to purchase&#13;shares of common stock outside of the three plans mentioned above
 all of which were exercisable as of January 31


446
000 and $249
793 for the fiscal years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015


 2016 and related balances outstanding as of that date are set forth below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Number of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Reaming Contract&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Term (# of years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;Outstanding at February 1
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;17
260
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;0.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;4.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;820
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(50
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited and canceled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(200
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at January 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;17
830
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.63&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Exercisable at January 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
952
633&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.33&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.33&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Outstanding at February 1
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
830
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.63&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
780
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.30&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited and canceled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
020
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at January 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;23
590
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.19&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Exercisable at January 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
151


 2014
 the Company entered into&#13;a Subscription Agreement with Mother Parkers Tea &amp;#38; Coffee Inc. (&amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Mother Parkers&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148; and the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Subscription&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;).&#13;Pursuant to the Subscription
 Mother Parkers purchased 7
333
529 units from the Company
 each consisting of (a) one share of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 $0.001 par value per share (the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Shares&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;); and (b) one (1) warrant to purchase&#13;one share of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Warrants&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148; and collectively with the Shares
 the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Units&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;)&#13;at a price per Unit equal to the fifty day weighted-average price per share of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the OTCQB market
&#13;for the fifty trading days ending March 7
 2014 (the date the parties first discussed the transactions contemplated by the Subscription)
&#13;which was $0.3409 (the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Per Unit Price&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;). The total purchase price paid for the Units was $2
500

 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;7
333
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;0.34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;2.29&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Forfeited and canceled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Warrants Outstanding at January 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;7
333


 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;7
333
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;0.34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;2.29&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Forfeited and canceled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Warrants Outstanding at January 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;7
333


 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and&#13;liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this&#13;method

 2016 and 2015
 the Company&#13;had cumulative federal operating loss carry forwards of $18
407
581 and $17
250
016
 respectively
 which begin to expire in 2031&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;.&#13;&lt;/font&gt;We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In&#13;making such a determination
 we consider all available positive and negative evidence
 including future reversals of existing taxable&#13;temporary differences

 including a valuation allowance
 are as follows at January 31

821
077&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;6
392
132&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
728
166&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
212
946&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Charitable contribution carry forward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;52
414&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Allowance for bad debts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26
372&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;37
056&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0.375in&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
628
029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
642
133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(9
628
029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(8
642

 2016 and 2015 was $9
628
028 and $8
642
133
 respectively. The net operating losses&#13;will begin to expire in 2031. In assessing the recovery of the deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely&#13;than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets&#13;is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.&#13;Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax assets
 projected future taxable income
 and tax planning&#13;strategies in making this assessment. Management believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets as of January&#13;31
 2016 will not be realized based on the management&amp;#146;s assessment that the deductions ultimately recognized for tax purposes&#13;will be fully utilized. Therefore full valuation allowances were set up for these deferred tax assets as of January 31








 from time to time
 involved in legal proceedings incidental to&#13;the conduct of its business

 2014
 Shane Whittle
 individually
 a former significant shareholder and officer and director of the Company (&amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Whittle&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;)&#13;filed a complaint against the Company in the District Court
 City and County of Denver
 State of Colorado (Case No. 2014-CV-032991&#13;Division: 209). The complaint alleged that Whittle entered into a consulting agreement with the Company for which the Company&#13;failed to make payments and that Rohan Marley
 as both a director of the Company and of Marley Coffee Canada
 Inc.
 additionally&#13;agreed that
 as part of Whittle&amp;#146;s consulting compensation
 the Company would assume a debt owed by Marley Coffee Canada to&#13;Whittle. The cause of action set forth in the complaint includes breach of contract. Damages claimed by Whittle included $60
000&#13;under the consulting agreement and $19

 2015
 the Company and Mr. Whittle entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release of Claims (the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Settlement&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;)
&#13;pursuant to which the parties agreed to dismiss their claims associated with the District Court
 City and County of Denver
 State&#13;of Colorado (Case No. 2014-CV-032991 Division: 209)
 lawsuit described above. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement
 the Company&#13;agreed to pay Mr. Whittle $80
000 which was accrued as of January 31
 2015 (to be paid in equal payments of $10
000 per month&#13;beginning on April 1
 2015
 of which $10
000 is in default)
 the Company agreed to withdraw from a joinder in connection with&#13;the Federal Action pending between the parties (and certain other parties) as described below
 the parties provided each other&#13;mutual releases and the parties agreed to mutually dismiss
 with prejudice

 2014
 Whittle individually
 and derivatively on behalf of Marley Coffee LLC (&amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;MC LLC&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;) filed a&#13;complaint against Rohan Marley
 Cedella Marley
 the Company
 Hope Road Merchandising
 LLC
 Fifty-Six Hope Road Music Limited

 the son of the late reggae music legend Robert Nesta&#13;Marley p/k/a Bob Marley
 to sell premium coffee products branded after the name and likeness of Rohan Marley. The causes of action&#13;set forth in the complaint include
 among others
 racketeering activity
 trademark infringement
 breach of fiduciary duty
 civil&#13;theft
 and civil conspiracy (some of which causes of action are not directly alleged against the Company)

 profits made by defendants
 treble damages
 punitive&#13;damages

&#13;all but the civil conspiracy claim against the Company was dismissed and the court ordered Whittle to amend his complaint to provide&#13;only for an alleged claim of breach of fiduciary duty (not against the Company) and conspiracy claims as an individual (not on&#13;a derivative basis). Prior to the filing of this report
 Mr. Whittle and the Company agreed in principle to settlement terms
&#13;provided the parties are still negotiating the final terms of such settlement. Notwithstanding the parties&amp;#146; agreement in&#13;principle
 the outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any degree of reasonable certainty. In the event the matter is&#13;not settled

 2014
 a complaint was filed against the Company in the Superior Court of State of California
 for the County of Los&#13;Angeles &amp;#150; Central Division (Case Number: BC566749)
 pursuant to which Sky Consulting Group
 Inc. (&amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Sky&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;)
&#13;made various claims against the Company
 Mr. Tran
 the Company&amp;#146;s President and Director
 C&amp;#38;V International
 and various&#13;other parties. The complaint alleged causes of action for breach of contract
 fraud
 negligent representation
 intentional interference&#13;with contractual relationship and negligent interference with contractual relationship
 relating to a May 2013 coffee distributor&#13;agreement between the Company and Sky
 which provided Sky the right to sell Company branded coffee products in Korea. The suit&#13;seeks damages
 punitive damages
 court costs and attorney&amp;#146;s fees. The Company subsequently filed a motion to compel arbitration&#13;pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 which was approved by the court on April 7
 2015. The parties subsequently entered arbitration&#13;in connection with the lawsuit. On September 8
 2015
 the parties entered into a mutual settlement and release agreement
 whereby&#13;Sky agreed to return 130
480 shares of common stock to the Company and stop distributing our products
 displaying our tradenames&#13;or using our intellectual property; the parties agreed to each dismiss their claims/lawsuits; and each party provided the other&#13;a general release of all outstanding claims. The shares were returned to the Company and cancelled and the proceedings were dismissed&#13;on December 16

 2015
 the SEC filed a complaint against us (Case 2:15-cv-08921) in the United States District Court Central District&#13;of California Western Division. Also included as defendants in the complaint were Shane G. Whittle (our former Chief Executive&#13;Officer and Director) and parties unrelated to us
 Wayne S. P. Weaver
 Michael K. Sun
 Rene Berlinger
 Stephen B. Wheatley
 Kevin&#13;P. Miller
 Mohammed A. Al-Barwani
 Alexander J. Hunter
 and Thomas E. Hunter (collectively
 the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Defendants&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;).&#13;Pursuant to the complaint
 the SEC alleged that Mr. Whittle orchestrated a &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;pump and dump&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148; scheme with certain&#13;other of the Defendants in connection with our common stock. The scheme allegedly involved utilizing our July 2009 reverse merger&#13;transaction to secretly gain control of millions of our shares
 spreading the stock to offshore entities
 and dumping the shares&#13;on the unsuspecting public after the stock price soared following fraudulent promotional campaigns undertaken by Mr. Whittle and&#13;certain other of the Defendants in or around 2011. The complaint also alleges that to boost our stock price and provide cash to&#13;the Company
 Mr. Whittle and certain other of the Defendants orchestrated a sham financing arrangement designed to create the&#13;false appearance of legitimate third-party interest and investment in the Company through a non-existent entity
 Straight Path&#13;Capital
 pursuant to which we raised approximately $2.5 million through the sale of 6.25 million shares of common stock in 2011.&#13;The SEC also alleges that Mr. Whittle and others caused us to make public announcements which caused our stock price to rise
&#13;which helped facilitate the alleged frauds among other allegations spelled out more completely in the complaint. The SEC&amp;#146;s&#13;complaint charges us
 Mr. Whittle
 Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 Mr. Berlinger
 Mr. Wheatley
 Mr. Miller
 and Mr. Al-Barwani with conducting&#13;an illegal offering in violation of Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act. The complaint further alleges that Mr. Whittle
&#13;Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 Mr. Berlinger
 and the Hunters violated Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5
 and Mr. Whittle
&#13;Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 and Mr. Berlinger violated Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13d-1 and 13d-2 thereunder. Mr. Whittle&#13;is additionally charged with violating Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 16a-3
 and the Hunters are charged with violations&#13;of Sections 17(b) of the Securities Act
 which prohibits fraudulent touting of stock. The SEC is seeking injunctions
 disgorgement
&#13;prejudgment interest
 and penalties as well as penny stock bars against all of the individual Defendants and an officer-and-director&#13;bar against Mr. Whittle. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the Commission to settle the claims made by the&#13;Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be approved or accepted.&#13;In the event the Company were to have to pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter described above
 and the Company&#13;was unable to raise sufficient funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities


 2013
 and effective August 1
 2013
 we entered into a lease agreement for office space located at 4730 Tejon Street
&#13;Denver
 Colorado 80211. The office space encompasses approximately 4
800 square feet. The lease has a term of 36 months expiring&#13;on July 31
 2016
 provided that we have two additional three year options to renew the lease after the end of the initial term.&#13;Rent during the first three year option period escalates at the rate of 4% per year (starting with the last monthly rental cost&#13;of the initial term of the agreement
 described below)

858&#13;                                         per month from August 1
 2013 to July 31

172&#13;                                         per month from August 1
 2014 to July 31

499&#13;                                         per month from August 1
 2015 to July 31

 which option we have exercised as of the date of this&#13;report

839&#13;                                         per month from August 1
 2016 to July 31

192&#13;                                         per month from August 1
 2017 to July 31

560&#13;                                         per month from August 1
 2018 to July 31

&#13;we have the option to extend the lease for an additional three year term
 through July 21
 2022
 with a rental cost per month&#13;negotiated in good faith by the parties based on then-current market rates

 2014
 the Company entered into a lease agreement for office and warehouse space located at 4725-4745 Lipan St
 Denver
&#13;Colorado 80211. The rental space encompasses approximately 3
466 square feet of office and warehouse space and approximately a&#13;4
000 square foot yard. The lease expires on June 30
 2017
 provided we have the right to one five year renewal term

 2014 to June 30

800&#13;                                         per month from July 1
 2014 to June 30

950&#13;                                         per month from July 1
 2015 to June 30

150&#13;                                         per month from July 1
 2016 to June 30

 and the purchaser currently pays the monthly rental cost due under such lease

 2014
 the Company entered into a lease agreement for retail space located at 1536 Wynkoop
 Denver
 Colorado 80202. The&#13;rental space encompasses approximately 121 square feet. The lease has a term of 60 months. Rent is $1
500 per month for the first&#13;year


 2016
 &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;we&#13;entered into a side letter agreement with JSJ. Pursuant to the side letter agreement
 JSJ agreed to extend the maturity date of&#13;the JSJ Note to December 9
 2016 (from March 9
 2016)
 and we agreed to amend the terms of the JSJ Note relating to prepayment
&#13;to allow us the right to prepay the JSJ Note (a) from March 1
 2016 to September 9
 2016
 provided we pay a redemption premium&#13;of 135% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon
 and (b) from September 10
 2016 to the maturity&#13;date
 provided we pay a redemption premium of 150% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon.&#13;The side letter agreement also amended the JSJ Note to (a) allow JSJ the right at any time after September 9
 2016
 to convert&#13;the amount owed under the JSJ Note into shares of our common stock at a 40% discount to the third lowest trade during the previous&#13;10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 provided that in no event will such conversion price be less than $0.00005 per&#13;share; and (b) to add a 4.99% ownership limitation which prevents JSJ from converting the note into our common stock in the event&#13;it and its affiliates would beneficially own more than 4.99% of our common stock upon such conversion
 provided that such percentage&#13;can be increased by JSJ with 61 days prior written notice up to 9.99%. The side letter agreement also amended the events of default&#13;under the JSJ Note to include other additional customary events of default

&#13;we paid JSJ $117
253
 including $16
003 of interest due on the JSJ Note through March 1
 2016
 $5
000 of JSJ&amp;#146;s legal fees&#13;and $96

 we repaid an aggregate of&#13;$150
000 ($75

 we borrowed&#13;$100
000 from a third party which has a six month term
 a total payback amount of $130
000 and is payable by way of 126 daily payments&#13;of $1
032. In April 2016
 we borrowed $115
000 from the same lender (of which $90
000 was new lending and the remainder was used&#13;to pay back the balance on a November 2015 loan). The April 2016 loan has a term of eight months
 a total payable amount of $158
700&#13;and is payable by way of 168 daily payments of $945. The loans are secured by a security interest in all of our accounts
 equipment

 2016
 and March 15
 2016
 we sold Duck Duck Spruce
 LLC&#13;(&amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Duck Duck&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;) two 5% Convertible Promissory Notes with face amounts of $330
000
 representing $300
000 borrowed&#13;from Duck Duck and a 10% original issue discount ($30
000)
 and $220
000
 representing $200
000 borrowed from Duck Duck and a 10%&#13;original issue discount ($20
000)
 respectively (each a &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Duck Duck Note&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;
 and collectively
 the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Duck&#13;Duck Notes&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;). The Duck Duck Notes accrue interest at the rate of 5% per annum (the lesser of 10% per annum and the highest&#13;rate allowed per law upon an event of default)
 and are due on December 8
 2016 (as to the March 9
 2016 note) and March 15
 2017&#13;(as to the March 15
 2016 note)
 provided that if we repay the Duck Duck Notes more than 90 days after the issuance date thereof


 as amended

&#13;at a 35% discount (increasing by 10% if we are placed on the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;chilled&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148; list with the DTC
 increasing by 5% if&#13;we are not DWAC eligible
 and increasing by another 5% upon the occurrence of any event of default under the note) to the average&#13;of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock during the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the date of conversion

 2016 Duck Duck Note also (a) required us to issue 250
000&#13;shares of restricted common stock to Duck Duck in consideration for agreeing to the sale of such note; and (b) provided that as&#13;long as the note is outstanding
 upon any issuance by us of any convertible debt security (whether such debt begins with a convertible&#13;feature or such feature is added at a later date) with any conversion price term more favorable than such Duck Duck Note
 then&#13;at Duck Duck&amp;#146;s option
 such conversion price term can apply to such March 15


 2016
 &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;we &lt;/font&gt;sold&#13;Vis Vires a Convertible Promissory Note (with an issuance date of March 11
 2016) in the principal amount of $225
000 (the &amp;#147;&lt;u&gt;Vis&#13;Vires Convertible Note&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#148;)
 pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated March 11
 2016. The Vis Vires Convertible&#13;Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum (22% upon an event of default) and is due and payable on December 15
 2016. The&#13;Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under&#13;the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
&#13;as amended
 reporting requirements. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis&#13;Vires Convertible Note

 provided that the conversion price during major announcements&#13;(as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement date of such major announcement&#13;and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion&#13;of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for&#13;each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price also includes anti-dilution protection&#13;such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible securities at a price equal to less than&#13;the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion&#13;price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price

 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject to payment of&#13;a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued&#13;and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)



 2016
 the Board of Directors approved&#13;the repricing of options to purchase 6 million shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock originally issued to the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;executive officers and directors in June 2015. Specifically
 the Board of Directors approved a change in the exercise price of&#13;such options from $0.195 per share to $0.12 per share
 provided no other terms of the options were changed except for the re-pricing.&#13;As a result of the repricing
 our executive officers and directors
 Brent Toevs
 Anh Tran and Rohan Marley
 each hold options to&#13;purchase 2 million shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share
 with 666
666 options vesting&#13;on June 30
 2016 and 666
667 options vesting on June 30
 2017 and 2018

 2016
 the Company entered into a settlement&#13;and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among other things
 the provider has agreed&#13;to buy out the Company&amp;#146;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period from March 15
 2011 to March 15
&#13;2012 for $400

 which has not yet&#13;been approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be formally approved or accepted. In the event the Company were to&#13;have to pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter described above
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient&#13;funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities

 2016
 the Company&#13;entered into a settlement agreement and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among&#13;other things
 the provider agreed to buy out the Company&amp;#146;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period&#13;from March 15
 2011 to March 15
 2012 for $400
000




      






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Measurements



      



 Inputs








 Inputs




 Inputs



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      



 $.001 par value
 5
112
861
525 shares authorized; 126
455
312 and 124
691
748 shares issued and outstanding
 as of January 31
2016 and January 31
 2015



      


      


      


      


















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      





      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      






      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      

      


      

      



 Notes




 Notes






      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      







 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      






      

      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      




      





 for example
 but not limited to









 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker






 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms



 depicted as a percentage


      





 quarterly





      

      

      













      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      




      

      


 generally of limited duration
 under a license arrangement (for example



 for nine years


      

      


 or
 at the option of the lender and with the Company''s consent


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      


 Denver



 Denver


      

      

      




      

      

      


 Denver


      




      

      

      

      

      


 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights





      







      


 stock (unit) options
 or other equity instruments



 stock (unit) options
 or other equity instruments



 stock (unit) options
 or other equity instruments


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable


      




      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Related Parties


      

      

      

      

      








 Plant








      





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed








      

      


 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities


      


 Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Exercisable






 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 31
 2016
May. 03
 2016
Jul. 31
 2015








































  2016



































































948
964



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



134
439





Entity Common Stock
 Shares to be issued



000



























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
























































Indicates the number of shares that are not included in the disclosed number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015











021


189



Accounts receivable
 net

415
559


154
252







581





171


986





000


784





684
751


817
792



Property and equipment
 net

838


248



Intangible assets
 net

325


753





567


567





489
481


957
360












527
083


492
900





431


229





174


078



Convertible notes payable
 net of discounts

029
558







951







917
197


051
207





917
197


051
207

















Common stock
 $.001 par value
 5
112
861
525 shares authorized; 126
455
312 and 124
691
748 shares issued and outstanding
 as of January 31
2016 and January 31
 2015
 respectively

455


692





691
579


825
294





245
750)


043
833)





427
716)


847)





489
481


957
360




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
 -Paragraph 19
 20



























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

112
861
525


112
861
525



Common stock
 shares issued

455
312


691
748



Common stock
 shares outstanding

455
312


691
748

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015











312
620


569
791





114
015)


424)





198
605


901
367












025
368


955
321





025
368


955
321





173
237


946
046












708
352


465
889





688
117


150
274





594
808


807
296





991
277


423
459












783)









799
543)





796)







298)


029)





877)


803
572)





201
917)


280
985)



















504
494


201
082






























































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)




















































































The difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt recognized currently as a component of income in the period of extinguishment
 net of tax.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































The aggregate amount of expenditures for salaries
 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.
























































The aggregate amount of other expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating expense recognized during the period. Such amounts may include: (a) unusual costs
 (b) loss on foreign exchange transactions
 (c) losses on securities (net of profits)
 and (d) miscellaneous other expense items.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Aggregate of: (i) sales discounts given by the entity
 including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due
 (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions)
 and (iii) price reductions (allowance
 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts
 returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from sale of goods in the normal course of business
 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015











201
917)


280
985)












284


442





713
764


864
995





884


372







000





773


935





463)







796









957
312












307)


305)







724





581


351





401)


182
574







851)





034
183


311
390





202


373





096


721)





096
525)


965
394)












181)







825


426





644


426














500
000





800
713


965)





800
713


495
035





168)


933)





189


122





021


189














539
753





400





































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.























































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)



























Gain (loss) from sale or disposal of an organization or integrated set of activities (for example
 but not limited to
 a partnership or corporation) engaged in providing a product or service in a commercial
 industrial
 or professional environment.
















































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount owed to the reporting entry (during the current year or operating cycle) in the form of loans and obligations (generally evidenced by promissory notes) made to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.





















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.





















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Interest paid other than in cash for example by issuing additional debt securities. As a noncash item
 it is added to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The net cash inflow or outflow for borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Begining Balance at Jan. 31
 2014


166




514
630


762
848)


854
948



Begining Balance
 Shares at Jan. 31
 2014


085
210


039












764




678




442



Issuance of common stock for services
 shares


764
356














334




492
666




500
000



Issuance of common stock for cash
 shares


333
529














220




527
533




539
753



Shares issued to Ironridge
 shares


219
871

























Shares to be issued to Black Rock Beverage
 shares


039


039)























Exercise of stock options
 shares


000


000)
















864
995




864
995



Shares issued subsequently rescinded
 shares


257)




















280
985)


280
985)



Ending Balance at Jan. 31
 2015


692




825
294


043
833)


847)



Ending Balance Shares at Jan. 31
 2015


691
748














894




390




284



Issuance of common stock for services
 shares


894
044


















713
764




713
764












201
917)


201
917)










869)




000)



Retirement of common stock for accounts receivable
 shares


480)











Ending Balance at Jan. 31
 2016


455




691
579


245
750)


427
716)



Ending Balance Shares at Jan. 31
 2016


455
312





































































































































































This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30



























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31





















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







NOTE 1&#151;NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


or &#147;Jammin Java&#148;)
 operates as a United States (U.S.) based company providing premium roasted coffee on a wholesale
level to the grocery
 retail
 online
 service
 hospitality
 office coffee service and big box store industry. Through the use of
our roaster distributor relationships
 we have the exclusive right to manufacture and market our coffee lines to gourmet
 natural
and independent grocery markets in the U.S.
 Canada
 Mexico and the Caribbean and the non-exclusive right worldwide.


 the terms &#147;we
&#148;
&#147;us
&#148; &#147;our
&#148; &#147;Jammin Java&#148; and &#147;Company&#148; mean Jammin Java Corp.
 unless otherwise
indicated. All dollar amounts in these financial statements are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated.

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

statements. Such financial statements and related notes are the representations of our management
 who are responsible for their
integrity and objectivity. In the opinion of management
 these accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) in all material respects
 and have been consistently applied in preparing
the accompanying financial statements.

 These financial
statements have been prepared by management assuming that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern and realize its
assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. However
 certain conditions noted below currently exist
which raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments to the amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern.


201
917
and $10
280
985 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and has an accumulated deficit of $29
245
750 at January
31
 2016. In addition to the Company&#146;s recent history of losses
 the Company has only recently begun to generate revenue
as part of its principal operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as
a going concern. Further
 the operations of the Company have primarily been funded by the issuance of common stock and debt. In
order for us to conduct our business for the next twelve months and to continue operations thereafter and be able to discharge
our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business
 we must increase sales
 reduce operating expenses
 and potentially
raise additional funds
 through either debt and/or equity financing to meet our working capital needs. No assurance can be given
that additional financing will be available
 or if available
 will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital
is not available
 the Company may be required to curtail its operations.


Company&#146;s ability to meet its obligations in the ordinary course of business is dependent upon its ability to sell its
products directly to end-users and through distributors
 establish profitable operations through increased sales and
decreased expenses
 and obtain additional funds when needed. Management intends to increase sales by increasing the
Company&#146;s product offerings
 expanding its direct sales force and expanding its domestic and international distributor
relationships. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the Commission to settle the claims made by the
Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be approved or
accepted. In the event the Company were to have to pay significant legal fees to defend itself against the allegations made
in the complaint or pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient
funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or
seek bankruptcy protection
 all of which could lead to the value of the Company&#146;s common stock declining in value or
becoming worthless.


to the terms and conditions of the FSHR License Agreement
 FSHR can terminate that agreement under certain circumstances
 subject
where applicable and as described in the agreement
 our right to cure such breaches and other events
 including: in the event the
Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar government agency in any country
 territory or possession makes any negative
or unlawful finding regarding our activities. Notwithstanding our categorical denial of the allegations made in the SEC&#146;s
November 2015 complaint
&#148;
&#148;
or we consent to any actions against us by the SEC in connection with the allegations made by the SEC in the November 2015 complaint
&#148;
 FSHR can terminate the FSHR License
Agreement.


of the FSHR License Agreement would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and assets
 could force us to scale
back and/or abandon our business operations
 or force us to seek bankruptcy protection and could cause the value of our common
stock to decline in value or become worthless. As we&#146;ve stated above
 none of the officers in the Company have been named
in the SEC suit and we believe that we will be found innocent of the charges alleged.


concern
 we may have to liquidate our assets
 and might realize significantly less than the values at which our net assets are
carried on our financial statements
 and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in our common stock. The accompanying
financial statements do not reflect any adjustments related to the outcome of this uncertainty.

Certain prior year
amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation for comparative purposes.

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 as well as certain financial statement disclosures. Certain accounting principles
require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly
 a different financial
presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the assessment of the impairment of long-lived assets
 the allowance for
doubtful accounts
 valuation allowances for deferred tax assets
 and valuation of our financial and equity instruments. While management
believes that the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements are appropriate
 actual results
could differ from these estimates.

. The carrying amount
of the Company&#146;s cash
 accounts receivables
 accounts payables
 approximates their estimated fair values due to the short-term
maturities of those financial instruments.


of fair value
 a framework for measuring fair value
 and providing expanded disclosures concerning fair value whereby estimated
fair value is the price to be paid for an asset or the amount to settle a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. Accordingly
 fair value is a market-based measurement and not an entity-specific measurement.


in fair value measurements:



    
    
    

    
    

 either directly or indirectly. These inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as other inputs such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.

    
    
    

inputs
 including inputs that are available in situations where there is little
 if any
 market activity for the related asset
or liability.
        

the Company had no assets or liabilities carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of and for the years ended January
31
 2016 and 2015.&#160;


. The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At January 31
2016 and 2015
 the Company has no cash equivalents. No funds were invested in money market accounts during the year ended January
31
 2016.

Our
cash and cash equivalents are principally on deposit in a non-insured short-term asset management account at a large financial
institution. Accounts receivable potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk. Currently
 our customer base is comprised
of only a limited number of customers (see Note 14).

. Revenue is derived
from the sale of coffee products and is recognized on a gross basis upon shipment to the customer. All revenue is recognized when
(i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the service or sale is completed; (iii) the price is fixed or determinable;
and (iv) the ability to collect is reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting
estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product terms. We record promotional and return allowances based on recent
and historical trends. Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction
to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates. Discounts
and promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were $1
114
015 and $668
424
 respectively.


production and fulfillment of orders placed by customers. The Company
 acting as principal
 takes title to the product and assumes
the risks of ownership; namely
 the risks of loss for collection
 delivery and returns.

 The
Company does not require collateral from its customers with respect to accounts receivable. The Company determines any required
allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the terms for each customer
 and the length of time accounts receivable
are outstanding. Management provides an allowance for accounts receivable whenever it is evident that they become uncollectible.
The Company has determined that a $71
168 allowance for doubtful accounts was required at January 31
 2016 and $100
000 for January
31
 2015. Because our accounts receivable are concentrated in a relatively few number of customers
 a significant change in the
liquidity or financial position of any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the collectability of our
accounts receivable and our future operating results.

Inventories.

 which approximates actual
cost
 on a first-in
 first-out basis. Inventories on hand are evaluated on an on-going basis to determine if any items are obsolete
or in excess of future needs. Items determined to be obsolete are reserved for. From time to time the Company provides for the
possible inability to sell its inventories by providing an excess inventory reserve. As of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company
determined that no reserve was required.

Acquisition of BlackRock Beverage Services
Inc. and Bike Caffe Franchising Inc. 
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including inventory
 fixed assets
and IP owned by BlackRock Beverage Services Inc. for $81
118 in total consideration consisting of $10
000 in cash and 158
039 common
shares of the Company valued at $71
118. In addition
 on December 4
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including fixed
assets
 inventory
 IP and trademarks owned by Bike Caffe Franchising
 Inc. for total consideration of $140
000 consisting of $40
000
in cash and 250
000 common shares of the Company valued at $100
000. No liabilities were assumed as part of the acquisitions. The
acquisitions were accounted for by the Company using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;). Accordingly
 at the date of acquisition
 the net assets
of BlackRock and BikeCaffe were recorded at their respective fair values and represents management&#146;s estimates based on a
third party valuation report. The Company incurred $5
000 of acquisition-related costs
 which were expensed as incurred in the
accompanying Statement of Operations included within Other Operating Expenses.


are included in the accompanying statements of operations from the date of acquisition. The net assets acquired were recorded
at their fair values at the date of acquisition
 as summarized in the following table:

Bike
Caffe Franchising
 Inc.



    
    

    
    

    
75
656


 net
7
400

Total Tangible
    Assets
83
056

    
    

    
15
000

    
20
800

    
14
100

    
49
900

    
7
044

    
140
000



 LLC
&#148;) in July 2015 and there are no longer any intangibles or fixed assets related to this company. See Note
5 for more details.

Equipment is
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Maintenance and repairs
 as incurred
 are charged to expense. Renewals
and enhancements which extend the life or improve existing equipment are capitalized. Upon disposition or retirement of equipment
the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Depreciation
is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which are three years.


follows:




    
January 31

2016
January 31

2015

    
205
548
242
385

    
67
545
67
545

    
66
507
75
851

    
151
373
151
373

    
490
973
537
154

    
    
    

    
303
135
155
906

    
187
838
381
248



884 and $115
372
for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

 Long-lived
assets consist primarily of a license agreement that was recorded at the estimated cost to acquire the asset. The license agreement
is reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be
recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of
the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying
amount of the assets
 the assets are written down to their estimated fair values. Management evaluated the carrying value of the
license and determined that no impairment existed at January 31
 2016 or 2015.

Pursuant
to the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) FASB ASC 718-10
 &#147;Compensation &#150; Stock
Compensation
&#148; which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for employee service
 management utilizes the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock option awards at the date of grant
 which requires
the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and assumptions
can materially affect the measure of estimated fair value of our share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective and
generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value
 some of the assumptions will be based
on
 or determined from
 external data and other assumptions may be derived from our historical experience with stock-based payment
arrangements. The appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment
 based on relevant facts and circumstances.


is recorded based on the value of the services or the value of the common stock whichever is more clearly determinable. Whenever
the value of the services is not determinable
 the measurement date occurs generally at the date of issuance of the stock. In more
limited cases
 it occurs when a commitment for performance has been reached with the counterparty and nonperformance is subject
to significant disincentives. If the total value of stock issued exceeds the par value
 the value in excess of the par value is
added to the additional paid-in-capital.


common stock by considering historical stock volatility.

. The Company follows Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification No 740
 


liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and on net operating
loss carry forwards using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation
allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.

.
Basic earnings per common share equal net earnings or loss divided by the weighted average of shares outstanding during the reporting
period. Diluted earnings per share include the impact on dilution from all contingently issuable shares
 including options
 warrants
and convertible securities. The common stock equivalents from contingent shares are determined by the treasury stock method. The
Company incurred a net loss for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and therefore
 basic and diluted earnings
per share for those periods are the same because all potential common equivalent shares would be anti-dilutive. Anti-dilutive shares
include -0- and 11
144
863 options for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015.

 A derivative
is an instrument whose value is &#147;derived&#148; from an underlying instrument or index such as a future
 forward
 swap
 option contract
or other financial instrument with similar characteristics
 including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts
and for hedging activities. As a matter of policy
 the Company does not invest in separable financial derivatives or engage in
hedging transactions. However
 the Company entered into certain debt financing transactions in fiscal 2016
 as disclosed in Note
8
 containing certain embedded features that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. The Company may engage
in other similar complex financing transactions in the future
 but not with the intention to enter into derivative instruments.
Derivatives are measured at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model and marked to market through earnings. However
such new and/or complex instruments may have immature or limited markets. As a result
 the pricing models used for valuation of
derivatives often incorporate significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect
the estimate of the fair value of derivative liabilities and
 consequently
 the related amount recognized as a change in fair
value of derivative liabilities on the consolidated statement of operations. Furthermore
 depending on the terms of a derivative
the valuation of derivatives may be removed from the financial statements upon exercise or conversion of the underlying instrument
into some other security or if the contract is modified.


within stockholders' equity or as liabilities in our financial statements. Our policy is to settle instruments indexed to our
common shares on a first-in-first-out basis.


date. If the classification changes as a result of events during a reporting period
 the instrument is reclassified as of the
date of the event that caused the reclassification. There is no limit on the number of times a contract may be reclassified.


 we adopted the
guidance
 as codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&#147;ASC&#148;) 815-40

 Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and
Potentially Settled in
 a Company's Own Stock
 that requires us to apply a two-step model in determining whether a
financial instrument or an embedded feature is indexed to our own stock and thus enables it to qualify for equity
classification. The embedded conversion option features did not qualify for equity classification as they had no conversion
price floor and as such required treatment as derivative liabilities. Accordingly
 $778
951 of conversion feature derivative
liabilities are carried at January 31
 2016.




 &#147;Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures&#148; (&#147;ASC 820&#148;)
 in connection with assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis subsequent to initial recognition. The guidance applies to our derivative liabilities. We had no assets or liabilities measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis for any period reported.



carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories. We measure the fair value of applicable
financial and non-financial assets based on the following fair value hierarchy:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.


or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.


not corroborated by market data.


the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value.


is determined based on unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data
 which is a Level 3 classification. We record
derivative liabilities on our balance sheet at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in our consolidated statements of
operations.


to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value. There
were no transfers between Level 1
 Level 2 and/or Level 3 during fiscal 2016. Our fair value measurements at the January 31
 2016
reporting date are classified based on the valuation technique level noted in the table below:



value of financial liabilities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis included in the Company&#146;s financial
statements as of January 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




Significant Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements
adoption until a future date are being evaluated by the Company to determine whether adoption will have a material impact on the
Company&#146;s financial statements. Such pronouncements include the following:

Financial Accounting Standards Board
 or FASB
 Accounting Standards
Update
 or ASU 2016-02 &#147;Leases (Topic 842)&#148; &#150; 
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which will require
lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.&#160; For income statement
purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance.&#160; Classification
will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines.&#160;
Lessor accounting is similar to the current model
 but updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue
recognition standard.&#160; This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 18
 2018
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years.&#160; We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures.

FASB ASU 2014-09 &#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606)
&#148; or ASU 2014-09
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
of Accounting Standards Codification
 or ASC
 Topic 605 &#147;Revenue Recognition.&#148; This ASU is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with the option to adopt as early as December 15
 2017. We are currently assessing the
impact of adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.


 Management has evaluated
events subsequent to January 31
 2016 through the date the accompanying statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016













    
January 31

January 31


    
    
197
581

    
    
197
581





































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016










    
    
    

    
                                
January 31

January 31


    
1
159
120
596
249

    
220
131
172
705

    
3
856
15
718

    
19
681
96
135

    
83
939
373
445

    
(71
168
(100
000

    
1
415
559
1
154
252









The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016










 2010
 the Company obtained a
sub-license agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with Marley Coffee
 LLC (&#147;MCL&#148;)
 a private limited liability company
of which Rohan Marley
 a Director of the Company
 and his family have a combined controlling interest as more fully described below.




 a Bahamas
international business company (&#147;Fifty-Six Hope Road&#148;) owns and controls the intellectual property rights
 including
the &#147;Marley Coffee&#148; trademarks relating to the late reggae performer
 Robert Nesta Marley
 professionally known as
Bob Marley (the &#147;Trademarks&#148;). On March 31
 2010
 Fifty-Six Hope Road and MCL entered into an agreement which granted
to MCL the exclusive
 oral
 terminable license to use the Trademarks and granted to the Company an exclusive
 terminable
 sublicense
to use the Trademark.


 2010
 MCL entered into the Agreement
with the Company
 effective March 30
 2010
 pursuant to which it sublicensed the use of the Trademarks to the Company (the &#147;MCL
Trademarks License Agreement&#148;). Rohan Marley
 a director of the Company
 also serves as the managing member of MCL and is
the beneficial owner of one-third of MCL&#146;s membership interests.


Agreement was as follows:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    

 2010; and;




    
    

 2019.



payments to Non Employees
&#148; management recorded the transaction based on the estimated fair value of the perpetual license
at the measurement date of March 31
 2010 totaling $766
000
 (the date when the Trademarks and its underlying rights were granted
to the Company and when MCL&#146;s performance was completed).


 2011
 the parties expanded the
scope of the MCL Trademarks License Agreement in favor of the Company by an amendment in consideration for the Company assuming
$126
000 in additional obligations of MCL. As part of the Agreement
 the Company had issued 2
000
000 shares of its common stock.


 2012
 the MCL Agreement was
replaced and superseded with the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement with Fifty-Six Hope Road more fully described below. The MCL
Termination Agreement provided that all of the Company&#146;s obligations under the MCL Agreement were terminated except for the
Company&#146;s obligations to: (i) issue to MCL the 1 million shares of its common stock which were due to MCL on March 31
 2012
(which obligation has since been forgiven); and (ii) repay its remaining outstanding debt obligation of $19
715 in monthly installments
the final installment of which was paid in February 2013.




 2012
 the Company entered
into a new trademark license agreement with Fifty-Six Hope Road which superseded and replaced the MCL Trademarks License Agreement
(the &#147;2012 Trademarks License Agreement&#148;)
 with an effective date of August 7
 2012. Pursuant to the 2012 Trademarks
License Agreement
 Fifty-Six Hope Road granted to the Company a worldwide
 exclusive
 non-transferable license to utilize the Trademarks
in connection with (i) the manufacturing
 advertising
 promotion
 sale
 offering for sale and distribution of coffee in all its
forms and derivations
 regardless of portions sizes or packaging (the &#147;Exclusive Licensed Products&#148;) and (ii) coffee
roasting services
 coffee production services and coffee sales
 supply
 distribution and support services
 provided however that
the Company may not open retail coffee houses under the Trademarks. In addition
 Fifty Six Hope Road granted the Company the right
to use the Trademarks on advertising and promotional materials that pertain solely to the sale of coffee cups
 coffee mugs
 coffee
glasses
 saucers
 milk steamers
 machines for brewing coffee
 espresso and/or cappuccino
 grinders
 water treatment products
 tea
products
 chocolate products
 and ready-to-use (instant) coffee products (the &#147;Non-Exclusive Licensed Products&#148;
 and
together with the Exclusive Licensed Products
 the &#147;Licensed Products&#148;). The Licensed Products may be sold by the Company
pursuant to the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement through all channels of distribution
 provided that
 subject to certain exceptions
the Company cannot sell the Licensed Products by direct marketing methods (other than the Company&#146;s website)
 including television
infomercials or direct mail without the prior written consent of Fifty-Six Hope Road. The 2012 Trademarks License Agreement has
a 15 year term and provides two renewal periods of 15 years at the discretion of the Company. In return
 the Company agreed to
pay royalties to Fifty-Six Hope Road in an amount equal to 3% of the net sales of all Licensed Products. In addition
 such royalty
payments are to be deferred during the first 20 months of the term of the 2012 Trademarks License Agreement
 and such deferred
payments shall be paid on a quarterly-basis thereafter. The total owed to Fifty-Six Hope
Road is $264
670 at January 31
 2016.


the Company recorded an impairment of license agreement assets totaling $36
000 and amortization expense totaling $24
333 for
the year ended January 31
 2013. No impairment was recorded for the year ended January 31
 2016 and amortization expense was $48
666
and $48
667 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



License agreement
 net consists of the following:
January
    31


    
    
    

    
730
000
730
000

    
(170
332
(121
666


 net
559
668
608
334



in intangible assets on the balance sheets. The amortization period is fifteen years. Amortization expense consists of the following:




    
Years Ended January 31


    
    
    

    
(48
666
(48
667

    
(48
666
(48
667



 2016
 the remaining useful
life of the Company&#146;s license agreement was approximately 11.5 years. The following table shows the estimated amortization
expense for such assets for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter.




Years Ending January 31

    

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
328
208

    
559
668













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016








        

 2015
 with an effective date
        of         July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Black Rock Beverages
 LLC
&#148;)
 pursuant         to which it sold its Black Rock Beverage division and related assets to BRB
&#148;). Pursuant         to the Sale Agreement
 BRB agreed to pay the Company
        $300
000 in cash
         with $200

        15
         2015)

000 payable in 24 equal monthly installments
 provided that         if BRB&#146;s
        average         sales do         not meet a minimum of $50
000 per month during each of the first six months following the
        closing
                the aggregate         amount of $100
000 in payments due is reduced by $5
000 for each month such
        $50
000 monthly minimum is         not met. Black             Rock Beverages
 LLC paid $61
000 in December 2015 for the final
        payment owed under this purchase         agreement and the gain was         recognized         at that time. Additionally
 at
        the sale date the Company agreed to continue to         pay the salary of one of its employees         acquired in the
        Company&#146;s         original acquisition of the Black Rock         Beverage division in August 2013 and to
        continue to cover the rent
 for five months
 on         a warehouse located         on Lipan St. in Denver
 Colorado
 and BRB
        agreed         to assume certain of the Company&#146;s capital and vehicle          leases. We also agreed to a six-month
        freeze on         increasing any cost of goods purchased by BRB for products sold         through the Black         Rock
        Beverage operations. Subsequent to December 2015
 the Company has no further obligations related to the sale.
        



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016

Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]






        

the following:





    
    
    

    
January 31

January 31


    
15
721
    

    
14
450
18
986

    
30
171
18
986









Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016









Marley Coffee
 Ltd.;
Other Related Parties


2016 and 2015
 respectively there are licensing fees accrued and payable of $260
496 and $265
960 to Fifty-Six Hope Road
 for
the license to use of the name &#147;Marley Coffee&#148;. From inception to January 31
 2016
 the Company has
incurred royalties of $689
194 to Fifty-Six Hope Road.


 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $602
191 and $764
598
 respectively
 from Marley Coffee Ltd. (&#147;MC&#148;) a producer of Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee that the Company purchases in the normal course of its business. The Company&#146;s Chairman
 Rohan Marley
 is an owner of approximately 25% of the equity of MC.


received $97
796 and $34
348 in rebates from MC during the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 on the Jamaican
green coffee purchased. There were no rebates in the prior year. From our inception in 2011 to January 31
 2016
 the Company has
made purchases of $2
938
886 after credits and rebates from MC. The Company directs these purchases to third-party roasters for
fulfillment of sales orders. MC was created in order to have a license to buy and sell Jamaican Blue Mountain (JBM) Coffee. We
buy JBM coffee at the most favorable market rate in the market. For the majority of transactions
 we buy raw unroasted beans from
MC and then resell them to customers around the world. From time to time
 it is more economically favorable for the Company to
allow MC to sell to our customers directly and then receive a rebate. The Company directs these purchases to third-party roasters
for fulfillment of sales orders.


LLC a company in which Rohan Marley is a beneficiary. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases
of $11
833 and $40
798
 respectively
 from House of Marley. House of Marley produces headphones and speakers that the Company
uses for promotions and trade shows. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company made purchases of $6
411 and
$47
 respectively from Zion Rootswear. For the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company has made purchases of $0 and
$278 from Tuff Gong International. The purchases from Tuff Gong International and Zion Rootswear were for Bob Marley apparel and
gifts that were used for marketing and promotions purposes.


ending January 31
 2016 of $1
408 to Island Records
 $860 to Delivery Agent (for product that is sold on the Bob Marley Website)
and $539 to Zion Rootswear. For the year ending January 31
 2015 the Company has made sales to the following related parties $3
780
to Homemedics
 $1
980 to Zion Rootswear
 and $646 to Bravado International. All of the companies above are licensees of Hope Road
Merchandising
 LLC
 a company in which Rohan Marley is a beneficiary.


 2016 and 2015
the Company paid Rohan Marley Enterprises and Rohan Marley $178
875 and $211
454
 respectively
 for directors consulting fees
stock salary and bonus and expense reimbursements. The January 31
 2016 total included $164
399 in cash payments and $14
476 in
accrued director&#146;s fees paid in February 2016. The January 31
 2015 total included $161
454 in cash payments and $50
000
in stock bonus paid. The Company has paid Rohan Marley Enterprises $385
439 and Rohan Marley $106
335 for a total of $491
774
from inception to January 31
 2016
 for director&#146;s fees and expense reimbursements. Rohan Marley Enterprises is the personal
S-Corporation of Rohan Marley which he uses to record all of his business transactions.


in prior years was $7
500 in December 2013 for improvements on the Marley Farm. &#160;


31
 2016 is $2
053
298 and at January 31
 2015 $1
675
102 was due to Mother Parkers for coffee purchases. The total accounts receivable
due from Mother Parkers as of January 31
 2016 and 2015 is $318
934 and $323
326.


January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company paid Sondra Toevs $7
242 and $18
416
 respectively and Ellie Toevs $4
431 and $6
231
 respectively
for part-time employment. Sondra Toevs is the wife of the CEO
 Brent Toevs
 and Ellie Toevs is the daughter of Mr. Toevs.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







NOTE
8 &#150; CONVERTIBLE AND OTHER NOTES PAYABLE

Convertible
and Other Notes Payable are as follows:



    
    
Outstanding

    January 31
 2016
    
    Proceeds
    
    Rate
    

Colorado
    Medical Finance Services
 LLC *
500
000
141
900
358
100
    
    

    
275
000
275
000
    
    
    

    
1
005
000
255
000
750
000
    
    

    
900
000
385
000
515
000
    
    

Vis
    Vires
250
000
254
000
    
    
    



*Line
of Credit.
Refer
to Note 15 for subsequent event developments of JSJ and Typenex notes.

Revolving
Line of Credit

The
Company entered into an unsecured Revolving Line of Credit Agreement with Colorado Medical Finance Services
 LLC
 dba Gold Gross
Capital LLC
 with an effective date of February 16
 2015. The line of credit allows the Company the right to borrow up to $500
000
from the lender from time to time. On March 26
 2015
 the lender advanced $250
000 to us under the terms of the line of credit.
Amounts owed under the line of credit are to be memorialized by revolving credit notes in the form attached to the line of credit
provided that no formal note has been entered into to advance amounts borrowed to date. Amounts borrowed under the line of credit
accrue interest at the rate of 17.5% per annum and can be repaid at any time without penalty. A total of 10% of the interest rate
is payable in cash and the other 7.5% of the interest rate is payable in cash
 or coffee goods and services
 at the option of
the lender
 with our consent.&#160;&#160;The line of credit expires
 and all amounts are due under the line of credit on September
26
 2016. The line of credit contains customary events of default
 and upon the occurrence of an event of default the lender can
suspend further advances and require the Company to declare the entire amount then owed immediately due
 subject to a 10 day period
pursuant to which we have the right to cure any default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default the amounts owed under the
line of credit bear interest at the rate of 20% per annum. Proceeds from the line of credit can be solely used for working capital
purposes. The lender has no relationship with the Company or its affiliates. As of January 31
 2016
 the Company had borrowed
a total of $250
000 under the Line of Credit. As of January 31
 2016 there was $162
347 outstanding which included $141
900 in
principle and $20
448 in interest due. The payments to this line of credit have been made on a month basis.

Convertible
Note with JSJ Investments Inc.

On
September 9
 2015
 we entered into a 12% Convertible Note to JSJ Investments Inc. (&#147;JSJ&#148; and the &#147;JSJ Convertible
Note&#148;) in the amount of $275
000. Amounts owed under the JSJ Convertible Note accrue interest at the rate of 12% per annum
(18% upon an event of default). The JSJ Convertible Note is payable by us on demand by JSJ at any time after March 6
 2016. We
have the right to repay the JSJ Convertible Note (a) for an amount equal to 135% of the then balance of such note until the 180th&#160;day
following the date of the note
 and (b) for an amount equal to 150% of the balance of such note subsequent to the maturity date
(provided the holder consents to such payment after maturity).

The
JSJ Convertible Note and all accrued interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into the Company&#146;s common
stock at any time. The conversion price of the JSJ Convertible Note is 60% (a 40% discount) to the third lowest intra-day trading
price of the Company&#146;s common stock during the 10 trading days prior to any conversion date of the note. In the event we
do not issue the holder any shares due in connection with a conversion within three business days
 we are required to issue the
holder additional shares equal to 25% of the conversion amount
 and an additional 25% of such shares for each additional five
business days beyond such fourth business day that such failure continues. In the event we do not have a sufficient number of
authorized but unissued shares of common stock to allow for the conversion of the note
 the discount rate (40%) is increased by
an additional 5%.

In
connection with the issuance of the note
 we agreed to pay $5
000 of JSJ&#146;s legal fees.

The
JSJ Convertible Note contains standard and customary events of default
 including in the event we fail to timely file any and
all reports due with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 JSJ can demand that we
immediately repay 150% of the outstanding balance of the JSJ Convertible Note together with accrued interest (and default interest
if any).

Pursuant
to the terms of the JSJ Convertible Note
 JSJ agreed not to engage in any short sales or hedging transactions of our common stock.
At no time may the JSJ Convertible Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in JSJ and
its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock
 provided such percentage
may be increased by JSJ to up to increases to 9.99% upon not less than 61 days&#146; prior written notice to us.

The
goal is for the Company to utilize this debt as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue.&#160;&#160;We
hope to repay the JSJ Convertible Note prior to any conversion. In the event that the JSJ Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the JSJ Note is converted into common stock.

Convertible
Promissory Note with Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC

On
September 14
 2015 (the &#147;Closing Date&#148;)
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 14
2015 (the &#147;Typenex SPA&#148;) with Typenex Co-Investment
 LLC (&#147;Typenex&#148;). Pursuant to the Typenex SPA
 the Company
issued to Typenex a convertible promissory note (the &#147;Typenex Note&#148;) in the principal amount of $1
005
000
 deliverable
in four tranches as described below.

The
Typenex Note has a term of 20 months and an interest rate of 10% per annum (22% upon an event of default).&#160;&#160;The gross
proceeds to the Company from the Typenex Note were $1
005
000
 in the form of: (a) an initial tranche of $250
000 in cash (gross
proceeds of $255
000
 less $5
000 in expense reimbursements)
 and (b) three promissory notes of $250
000 each (collectively
 the
&#147;Investor Notes&#148;). Typenex may elect
 in its sole discretion
 to fund one or more of the Investor Notes. Absent such
an election by Typenex
 the Investor Notes will not result in cash proceeds to
 or an obligation to repay on the part of
 the
Company. Each of the Investor Notes accrue interest at the rate of 10% per annum until paid (provided that all amounts due under
the Investor Notes may be offset against amounts we owe Typenex in Typenex&#146;s sole discretion)
 and as such
 we do not anticipate
owing any interest on the Investor Notes until such notes are funded by Typenex.&#160;&#160;Each of the Investor Notes are secured
by a Membership Interest Pledge Agreement entered into by Typenex for our benefit.

Beginning
on the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date and on the same day of each month thereafter until the maturity date
so long as any amount is outstanding under the Typenex Note
 the Company is required to pay to Typenex installments of principal
equal to $75
000 (or such lesser principal amount as is then outstanding)
 plus the sum of any accrued and unpaid interest. Payments
of each installment amount may be made in cash
 subject to the terms of the note. Alternatively
 Typenex or the Company may elect
to convert an installment amount into Common Stock as described below.

Beginning
six (6) months after the Closing Date
 Typenex may convert the balance of the Typenex Note
 or any installment or portion thereof
utilizing the conversion price calculation set forth below. Generally
 the conversion price will be $0.30 per share; however
in the event the Company&#146;s market capitalization falls below $3 million
 then the conversion price is the lower of (a) $0.30
per share
 and (b) the Market Price. The &#147;Market Price&#148; is calculated by applying a discount of 40% (provided that under
certain events the discount may be reduced to up to 60%
 upon the occurrence of certain events (with a reduction of 5% per event)
such as the value of common stock (as calculated in the note) declining below $0.10 per share; the Company not being Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian &#150; DWAC eligible; the Company&#146;s common stock not being DTC eligible; or the occurrence of any major default
(as described in the note))
 to the average of the three (3) lowest intra-day trading prices of the Company&#146;s common stock
during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. The Company may also elect to make payment of
installments in the form of equity on substantially the same terms
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Typenex Note
 and
Typenex&#146;s right in certain cases to require a certain portion of such payment to be paid in cash or stock. Additionally
20 days after shares issued upon redemption of the note are eligible to be freely traded by Typenex (as described in the note)
there is a required true up
 whereby Typenex is required to be issued additional shares in the event the trading price of the
Company&#146;s common stock has declined from the time of original issuance to the date such shares are &#145;free trading&#146;
as described in the Typenex Note.

The
Company has the right to prepay the Typenex Note under certain circumstances
 subject to payment of a 35% prepayment penalty during
the first six months the note is outstanding and 50% thereafter.

If
at any time that the Typenex Note is outstanding
 the Company sells or issues any common stock or other securities exercisable
for
 or convertible into
 Common Stock for a price per share that is less than the conversion price applicable under the Typenex
Note
 then such lower price will apply to all subsequent conversions by Typenex for a period of 20 trading days.

The
Typenex Note includes customary and usual events of default. In the event of a default
 the Typenex Note may be accelerated by
Typenex. The outstanding balance would be immediately due and payable and we are required to repay Typenex additional amounts
(including the value of the amount then due in common stock
 at the highest intraday trading price of the amount then due under
the note) and/or liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Typenex Note. In addition
 we owe certain fees and
liquidated damages to Typenex if we fail to timely issue shares of common stock under the Typenex Note.

Typenex
is prohibited from owning more than 4.99% of the Company&#146;s outstanding shares
 pursuant to the Typenex Note
 unless the market
capitalization of the Company&#146;s common stock is less than $10
000
000
 in which case Typenex is prohibited from owning more
than 9.99% of the Company&#146;s outstanding shares.

Amounts
owed by us under the Typenex Note are secured by a first priority security interest granted to Typenex pursuant to the terms of
a Security Agreement entered into with Typenex
 in each of the Investor Notes.

The
goal is for the Company to utilize this debt as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue.&#160;&#160;We
hope to repay the Typenex Convertible Note prior to any conversion. In the event that the Typenex Note is not repaid in cash in
its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the Typenex Note is converted
into common stock.

As
of January 31
 2016
 the outstanding balance of the Typenex Note was $255
000.

Convertible
Promissory Note with JMJ Financial

On
September 16
 2015
 we sold JMJ Financial (&#147;JMJ&#148;) a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to $900
000
(the &#147;JMJ Convertible Note&#148;). The initial amount received in connection with the sale of the JMJ Convertible Note was
$350
000
 and a total of $385
000 is currently due under the JMJ Convertible Note (not including the interest charge described
below)
 as all amounts borrowed under the note include a 10% original issue discount. Moving forward
 JMJ may loan us additional
funds (up to $900
000 in aggregate) at our request
 provided that JMJ has the right in its sole discretion to approve any future
request for additional funding. Each advance under the JMJ Convertible Note is due two years from the date of such advance
 with
the amount initially funded under the note due on September 16
 2017.

The
JMJ Convertible Note (including principal and accrued interest and where applicable other fees) is convertible into our common
stock
 at any time
 at the lesser of $0.75 per share or 65% (a 35% discount) of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock
in the 20 trading days prior to the date of any conversion
 provided that if we are not DWAC eligible at the time of any conversion
an additional 10% discount applies
 and in the event our common stock is not DTC eligible at the time of any conversion
 an additional
5% discount applies. The JMJ Convertible Note provides that unless we and JMJ agree in writing
 JMJ is not eligible to convert
any amount of the note into common stock which would result in JMJ owning more than 4.99% of our common stock.

A
one-time interest charge of 12% was applied to the principal amount of the note
 which remains payable regardless of the repayment
(or conversion) date of the note.

Until
180 days after the date of the note
 we are able to prepay the note assuming we prepay all outstanding principal together with
a penalty of 40% of such amount
 interest
 fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
 and the original issuance discount due thereon;
and after 160 days
 we are not able to prepay the note without JMJ&#146;s written approval.

We
agreed that we would reserve 25 million shares of common stock for conversion of the note. In the event we fail to deliver shares
within four days of the date of any conversion by JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ $2
000 per day in penalties.

The
JMJ Convertible Note provides for customary events of default including
 our failure to timely make payments under the JMJ Convertible
Note when due
 our entry into bankruptcy proceedings
 our failure to file reports with the SEC
 our loss of DTC eligibility for
our common stock
 and the investor&#146;s loss of the ability to rely on Rule 144. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of an event
of default
 as described in greater detail in the JMJ Convertible Note
 and at the election of JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ
either (i) the amount then owed under the note divided by the applicable conversion price
 on the date the default occurs or the
default amount is demanded (whichever is lower)
 multiplied by the volume weighted average price on the date the default occurs
or the default amount is demanded (whichever is higher)
 or (ii) 150% of the principal amount of the note
 plus all of the unpaid
interest
 fees
 liquidated damages (if any) and other amounts due. Any amount not paid when due accrues interest at the rate of
18% per annum until paid in full. JMJ is not required to provide us any written notice in order to accelerate the amounts owed
under the JMJ Convertible Note in the event of the occurrence of an event of default.

For
so long as the JMJ Convertible Note is outstanding JMJ agreed not to effect any &#147;short sales&#148; of our common stock.

The
goal is for the Company to utilize this debt as growth capital to help accelerate projects that generate revenue.&#160;&#160;We
hope to repay the JMJ Convertible Note prior to any conversion. In the event that the JMJ Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the extent that the balance of the JMJ Note is converted into common stock.

Convertible
Promissory Note with Vis Vires Group

On
September 24
 2015
&#160;we&#160;sold Vis Vires Group
 Inc. (&#147;Vis Vires&#148;) a Convertible Promissory Note (with an issuance
date of September 9
 2015) in the principal amount of $254
000 (the &#147;Vis Vires Convertible Note&#148;)
 pursuant to a Securities
Purchase Agreement
 dated September 9
 2015. The Vis Vires Convertible Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum (22% upon
an event of default) and is due and payable on June 11
 2016. The Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard and customary
events of default such as failing to timely make payments under the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the failure of the
Company to timely comply with Exchange Act reporting requirements.&#160;Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental
defaults
 as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 we are required to repay Vis Vires liquidated damages in addition to
the amount owed under the Vis Vires Convertible Note.

The
principal amount of the Vis Vires Convertible Note and all accrued interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof
into our common stock at any time following the 180th day after the Vis Vires Convertible Note was issued. The conversion price
of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is equal to the greater of (a) 65% (a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the lowest
five closing bid prices of our common stock during the ten trading days immediately prior to the date of any conversion; and (b)
$0.00009
 provided that the conversion price during major announcements (as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the
lower of the conversion price on the announcement date of such major announcement and the conversion price on the date of conversion.
In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the note within three business days of
our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for each day that we fail to deliver such
shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price also includes anti-dilution protection such that in the event we issue
or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible securities at a price equal to less than the conversion price of the
Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible
Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
 subject to certain exceptions in the note
 including an exemption for persons
with whom the Company was in discussions regarding an investment at the time the Vis Vires Convertible Note was entered into and
officer and employee issuances/grants.

At
no time may the Vis Vires Convertible Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in Vis
Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock.

We
may prepay in full the unpaid principal and interest on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th
day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then
outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
depending on when such prepayment is made.

The
Vis Vires Convertible Note also contains customary positive and negative covenants.

We
paid $4
000 of Vis Vires&#146;s attorney&#146;s fees in connection with the sale of the Vis Vires Convertible Note.

The
goal is for the Company to utilize this debt and similar debt incurred in the past several weeks as growth capital to help accelerate
projects that generate revenue.&#160;&#160;We hope to repay the Vis Vires Convertible Note prior to any conversion. In the event
that the Vis Vires Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the extent that
the balance of the Vis Vires Note is converted into common stock.

The
Company assessed the classification of its derivative financial instruments as of January 31
 2016
 which consist of convertible
instruments and rights to shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 and determined that such derivatives meet the criteria for
liability classification under ASC 815. Conversion feature-derivative liability totaled $778
951 at January 31
 2016. Refer to
Note 1 for more detail.


Debt
Maturity Schedule

The
following table summarizes the Company&#146;s annual principal maturities of debt for the five years subsequent to December 31
2016:



Year ended December
    31

    

    
670
900

    
385
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
255
000

    
1
310
900




Debt
net of discounts at January 31
 2016 totaled $1
029
558
 which consists of total borrowings and accrued interest of $1
613
666
reduced by $584
108 in related discounts

Third
Party Loan

In
October 2015
 we borrowed $150
000 from a third-party lender. The October 2015 loan has a seven-month term
 a total payback amount
of $202
500 and is payable by way of 147 daily payments of $1
378. In November 2015
 we borrowed $65
000 from the same lender.
The November 2015 loan has a term of six months
 a total payable amount of $89
700 and is payable by way of 126 daily payments
of $712. In January 2016
 we borrowed $220
000 from the same lender (of which $91
887.70 was new lending and $128
112.30 was used
to repay the balance on the October 2015 loan). The January 2016 loan has a term of ten months
 a total payback amount of $290
400
and is payable by way of 210 daily payments of $1
383. There was $215
173 outstanding as of January 31
 2016. In February 2016
we borrowed $100
000 from the same lender which has a six-month term
 a total payback amount of $130
000 and is payable by way
of 126 daily payments of $1
032. In April 2016
 we borrowed $115
000 from the same lender (of which $90
000 was new lending and
the remainder was used to pay back the balance on the November 2015 loan). The April 2016 loan has a term of eight months
 a total
payable amount of $158
700 and is payable by way of 168 daily payments of $945. The loans are secured by a security interest in
all of our accounts
 equipment
 inventory and investment property. We have the right to repay the loans within the first 30 days
after the effective date of each loan at the rate of 85% of the applicable repayment amount and between 31 and 90 days after the
effective date of each loan at the rate of 90% of the applicable repayment amount. The interest rate on these loans range from
30-38% per annum.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







NOTE&#160;9 &#150; STOCKHOLDER&#146;S
EQUITY




vote for each share held. There are no restrictions that limit the Company&#146;s ability to pay dividends on its common stock
 subject
to the requirements of the Nevada Revised Statutes. The Company has not declared any dividends since incorporation.


 2016
 the Company had 5
112
861
525
common shares authorized of its $0.001 par value common stock.


 2016
 the
Company issued the following shares of $0.001 par value common stock:



    
    

894
044 shares in exchange for services from vendors providing finance
 business development
 investor relations and other services valued at $204
284.

    
    

488 shares retired for $50
000 of Accounts Receivable in connection with the settlement agreement with Sky.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]








 2011
 the Board of Directors
approved the Company&#146;s 2011 Equity Compensation Plan (the &#147;2011 Plan&#148;). The 2011 Plan authorizes the issuance
of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 performance shares
and other securities as described in greater detail in the 2011 Plan
 to the Company&#146;s employees
 officers
 directors and
consultants. A total of 20
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2011 Plan
 which has not been approved by the stockholders
of the Company as of January 31
 2016 a total of 16
333
333 shares are available for issuance under the 2011 Plan.


 2012
 the Board of Directors
approved the Company&#146;s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated on September 19
 2013 (as amended and restated
the &#147;2012 Plan&#148;). The 2012 Plan authorizes the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive
or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities
as described in greater detail in the 2012 Plan
 to the Company&#146;s employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. A total
of 12
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2012 Plan
 which has been approved by the stockholders of the Company
and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 436
907 shares are available for issuance under the 2012 Plan.


 2013
 the Board of Directors
approved the Company&#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;2013 Plan&#148;). The 2013 Plan authorizes the issuance of
various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock
appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities as described in greater detail in the 2013 Plan
 to the Company&#146;s
employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. A total of 12
000
000 shares are authorized for issuance under the 2013 Plan
 which
has been approved by the stockholders of the Company to date
 and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 2
363
612 shares are available
for issuance under the 2013 Plan.


 2015
 the Board of Directors approved
and adopted the Company&#146;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated by the Board of Directors on March 10
2016 (the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 the &#147;2015 Plan&#148;). The sole amendment to the 2015 Plan which
was affected by the entry into the amended and restated plan was to clarify and confirm that no awards under the 2015 Plan can
be issued or granted to any person under the 2015 Plan in connection with
 or in consideration for
 the offer or sale of securities
in a capital-raising transaction
 or where such services directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company&#146;s
securities. The 2015 Plan authorizes the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards
 including incentive or non-qualified
options
 restricted stock awards
 restricted units
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares and other securities as described
in greater detail in the 2015 Plan
 to the Company&#146;s employees
 officers
 directors and consultants. Subject to adjustment
in connection with the payment of a stock dividend
 a stock split or subdivision or combination of the shares of common stock
or a reorganization or reclassification of the Company&#146;s common stock
 the maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock
which may be issued pursuant to awards under the 2015 Plan is 17
500
000 shares
 and as of January 31
 2016
 a total of 11
500
000
shares are available for issuance under the 2015 Plan.


Directors in its discretion. The Board of Directors interprets the Plans and has broad discretion to select the eligible persons
to whom awards will be granted
 as well as the type
 size and terms and conditions of each award
 including the exercise price
of stock options
 the number of shares subject to awards
 the expiration date of awards
 and the vesting schedule or other restrictions
applicable to awards.


January 31
 2016 and related balances outstanding as of that date are set forth below:






    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2014
17
260
000
    
    

    
820
000
    
    

    
(50
000
    
    

    
(200
000
    
    


 2015
17
830
000
    
    


 2015
10
952
633
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2015
17
830
000
    
    

    
6
780
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
020
000
    
    


 2016
23
590
000
    
    


 2016
14
151
658
    
    




 2016 and
2015
 the Company recognized share-based compensation expenses totaling $1
713
764 and $1
864
995
 respectively. The remaining
amount of unamortized stock options expense at January 31
 2015 is $1
651
146.


333 options to purchase
shares of common stock outside of the three plans mentioned above
 all of which were exercisable as of January 31
 2016.


options at January 31
 2016 was $0.


granted during the year was $1
446
000 and $249
793 for the fiscal years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016












 2014
 the Company entered into
&#148;).
Pursuant to the Subscription
 Mother Parkers purchased 7
333
529 units from the Company
 each consisting of (a) one share of the
Company&#146;s common stock
&#148;); and (b) one (1) warrant to purchase
&#148; and collectively with the Shares
&#148;)
at a price per Unit equal to the fifty day weighted-average price per share of the Company&#146;s common stock on the OTCQB market
for the fifty trading days ending March 7
 2014 (the date the parties first discussed the transactions contemplated by the Subscription)
&#148;). The total purchase price paid for the Units was $2
500
000.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2015
7
333
529
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2016
7
333
529
    
    










The entire disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016









The
Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this
method
financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected
to reverse. 


 2016 and 2015
 the Company
had cumulative federal operating loss carry forwards of $18
407
581 and $17
250
016
 respectively


making such a determination
 we consider all available positive and negative evidence
 including future reversals of existing taxable
temporary differences
 projected future taxable income and tax-planning.


net deferred tax assets
 including a valuation allowance
 are as follows at January 31
 2016 and 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
821
077
6
392
132

    
2
728
166
2
212
946

    
52
414
    

    
26
372
37
056

    
9
628
029
8
642
133

    
(9
628
029
(8
642
133

    
    
    




for deferred tax assets as of January 31
 2016 and 2015 was $9
628
028 and $8
642
133
 respectively. The net operating losses
will begin to expire in 2031. In assessing the recovery of the deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax assets
 projected future taxable income
 and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. Management believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets as of January
31
 2016 will not be realized based on the management&#146;s assessment that the deductions ultimately recognized for tax purposes
will be fully utilized. Therefore full valuation allowances were set up for these deferred tax assets as of January 31
 2016 and
2015.


between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate is as follows at January 31
 2016 and 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



income tax expense for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







NOTE
                                         13 &#150; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES


Legal
Proceedings

The
Company&#146;s commitments and contingencies include the usual claims and obligations of a wholesaler and distributor of coffee
products in the normal course of a business. The Company may be
 from time to time
 involved in legal proceedings incidental to
the conduct of its business
 as described below:

On
July 28
 2014
 Shane Whittle
 individually
&#148;)
filed a complaint against the Company in the District Court
 City and County of Denver
 State of Colorado (Case No. 2014-CV-032991
Division: 209). The complaint alleged that Whittle entered into a consulting agreement with the Company for which the Company
failed to make payments and that Rohan Marley
 as both a director of the Company and of Marley Coffee Canada
 Inc.
 additionally
agreed that
 as part of Whittle&#146;s consulting compensation
 the Company would assume a debt owed by Marley Coffee Canada to
Whittle. The cause of action set forth in the complaint includes breach of contract. Damages claimed by Whittle included $60
000
under the consulting agreement and $19
715 related to payments assumed by the Company.

Effective
on March 31
 2015
&#148;)
pursuant to which the parties agreed to dismiss their claims associated with the District Court
 City and County of Denver
 State
of Colorado (Case No. 2014-CV-032991 Division: 209)
 lawsuit described above. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement
 the Company
agreed to pay Mr. Whittle $80
000 which was accrued as of January 31
 2015 (to be paid in equal payments of $10
000 per month
beginning on April 1
 2015
 of which $10
000 is in default)
 the Company agreed to withdraw from a joinder in connection with
the Federal Action pending between the parties (and certain other parties) as described below
 the parties provided each other
mutual releases and the parties agreed to mutually dismiss
 with prejudice
 their claims.

On
September 30
 2014
 Whittle individually
&#148;) filed a
complaint against Rohan Marley
 Cedella Marley
 the Company
 Hope Road Merchandising
 LLC
 Fifty-Six Hope Road Music Limited
and Marley Coffee Estate Limited in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado (Civil Action No. 2014-CV-2680).

The
complaint alleges that Whittle entered into a partnership with Rohan Marley
 the son of the late reggae music legend Robert Nesta
Marley p/k/a Bob Marley
 to sell premium coffee products branded after the name and likeness of Rohan Marley. The causes of action
set forth in the complaint include
 among others
 racketeering activity
 trademark infringement
 breach of fiduciary duty
 civil
theft
 and civil conspiracy (some of which causes of action are not directly alleged against the Company)
 which are alleged to
have directly caused Whittle and Marley Coffee LLC substantial financial harm.

Damages
claimed by Whittle and MC LLC include economic damages to be proven at trial
 profits made by defendants
 treble damages
 punitive
damages
 attorneys&#146; fees and pre and post judgment interest.

Subsequently
all but the civil conspiracy claim against the Company was dismissed and the court ordered Whittle to amend his complaint to provide
only for an alleged claim of breach of fiduciary duty (not against the Company) and conspiracy claims as an individual (not on
a derivative basis). Prior to the filing of this report
 Mr. Whittle and the Company agreed in principle to settlement terms
provided the parties are still negotiating the final terms of such settlement. Notwithstanding the parties&#146; agreement in
principle
 the outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any degree of reasonable certainty. In the event the matter is
not settled
 the Company intends to continue to vigorously defend itself against Whittle&#146;s and MC LLC&#146;s claims.

On
December 15
 2014
 a complaint was filed against the Company in the Superior Court of State of California
 for the County of Los
Angeles &#150; Central Division (Case Number: BC566749)
 pursuant to which Sky Consulting Group
&#148;)
made various claims against the Company
 Mr. Tran
 the Company&#146;s President and Director
 C&#38;V International
 and various
other parties. The complaint alleged causes of action for breach of contract
 fraud
 negligent representation
 intentional interference
with contractual relationship and negligent interference with contractual relationship
 relating to a May 2013 coffee distributor
agreement between the Company and Sky
 which provided Sky the right to sell Company branded coffee products in Korea. The suit
seeks damages
 punitive damages
 court costs and attorney&#146;s fees. The Company subsequently filed a motion to compel arbitration
pursuant to the terms of the agreement
 which was approved by the court on April 7
 2015. The parties subsequently entered arbitration
in connection with the lawsuit. On September 8
 2015
 the parties entered into a mutual settlement and release agreement
 whereby
Sky agreed to return 130
480 shares of common stock to the Company and stop distributing our products
 displaying our tradenames
or using our intellectual property; the parties agreed to each dismiss their claims/lawsuits; and each party provided the other
a general release of all outstanding claims. The shares were returned to the Company and cancelled and the proceedings were dismissed
on December 16
 2015.

On
November 17
 2015
 the SEC filed a complaint against us (Case 2:15-cv-08921) in the United States District Court Central District
of California Western Division. Also included as defendants in the complaint were Shane G. Whittle (our former Chief Executive
Officer and Director) and parties unrelated to us
 Wayne S. P. Weaver
 Michael K. Sun
 Rene Berlinger
 Stephen B. Wheatley
 Kevin
P. Miller
 Mohammed A. Al-Barwani
 Alexander J. Hunter
 and Thomas E. Hunter (collectively
&#148;).
Pursuant to the complaint
&#148; scheme with certain
other of the Defendants in connection with our common stock. The scheme allegedly involved utilizing our July 2009 reverse merger
transaction to secretly gain control of millions of our shares
 spreading the stock to offshore entities
 and dumping the shares
on the unsuspecting public after the stock price soared following fraudulent promotional campaigns undertaken by Mr. Whittle and
certain other of the Defendants in or around 2011. The complaint also alleges that to boost our stock price and provide cash to
the Company
 Mr. Whittle and certain other of the Defendants orchestrated a sham financing arrangement designed to create the
false appearance of legitimate third-party interest and investment in the Company through a non-existent entity
 Straight Path
Capital
 pursuant to which we raised approximately $2.5 million through the sale of 6.25 million shares of common stock in 2011.
The SEC also alleges that Mr. Whittle and others caused us to make public announcements which caused our stock price to rise
which helped facilitate the alleged frauds among other allegations spelled out more completely in the complaint. The SEC&#146;s
complaint charges us
 Mr. Whittle
 Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 Mr. Berlinger
 Mr. Wheatley
 Mr. Miller
 and Mr. Al-Barwani with conducting
an illegal offering in violation of Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act. The complaint further alleges that Mr. Whittle
Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 Mr. Berlinger
 and the Hunters violated Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5
 and Mr. Whittle
Mr. Weaver
 Mr. Sun
 and Mr. Berlinger violated Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13d-1 and 13d-2 thereunder. Mr. Whittle
is additionally charged with violating Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 16a-3
 and the Hunters are charged with violations
of Sections 17(b) of the Securities Act
 which prohibits fraudulent touting of stock. The SEC is seeking injunctions
 disgorgement
prejudgment interest
 and penalties as well as penny stock bars against all of the individual Defendants and an officer-and-director
bar against Mr. Whittle. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the Commission to settle the claims made by the
Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be approved or accepted.
In the event the Company were to have to pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter described above
 and the Company
was unable to raise sufficient funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
terminate its operations or seek bankruptcy protection.

In
addition to the above
 we may become involved in other material legal proceedings in the future.



On
June 25
 2013
 and effective August 1
 2013
 we entered into a lease agreement for office space located at 4730 Tejon Street
Denver
 Colorado 80211. The office space encompasses approximately 4
800 square feet. The lease has a term of 36 months expiring
on July 31
 2016
 provided that we have two additional three year options to renew the lease after the end of the initial term.
Rent during the first three year option period escalates at the rate of 4% per year (starting with the last monthly rental cost
of the initial term of the agreement
 described below)
 and rent during the second three year option period will be at a rental
cost mutually agreed by the Company and the landlord. Rent due under the initial term of the agreement is as follows:


$7
858
                                         per month from August 1
 2013 to July 31
 2014;



$8
172
                                         per month from August 1
 2014 to July 31
 2015; and



$8
499
                                         per month from August 1
 2015 to July 31
 2016.


We
also had an option to renew this lease for an additional three year term
 which option we have exercised as of the date of this
report
 and which three year renewal term provides for rent as follows:


$8
839
                                         per month from August 1
 2016 to July 31
 2017;



$9
192
                                         per month from August 1
 2017 to July 31
 2018; and



$9
560
                                         per month from August 1
 2018 to July 31
 2019.


Finally
we have the option to extend the lease for an additional three year term
 through July 21
 2022
 with a rental cost per month
negotiated in good faith by the parties based on then-current market rates
 provided that we provide notice of our intent to extend
such lease at least 120 days prior to the end of the then term.

On
April 9
 2014
 the Company entered into a lease agreement for office and warehouse space located at 4725-4745 Lipan St
 Denver
Colorado 80211. The rental space encompasses approximately 3
466 square feet of office and warehouse space and approximately a
4
000 square foot yard. The lease expires on June 30
 2017
 provided we have the right to one five year renewal term
 with rent
set at the &#147;market value&#148; of the last year of the initial lease term. Rent due under the initial term of the agreement
is as follows:


$0
                                         per month from April 15
 2014 to June 30
 2014;



$2
800
                                         per month from July 1
 2014 to June 30
 2015



$2
950
                                         per month from July 1
 2015 to June 30
 2016; and



$3
150
                                         per month from July 1
 2016 to June 30
 2017


The
rights to the lease were sold during 2015
 and the purchaser currently pays the monthly rental cost due under such lease
 provided
that the Company remains legally obligated under such lease pursuant to its terms.

On
April 28
 2014
 the Company entered into a lease agreement for retail space located at 1536 Wynkoop
 Denver
 Colorado 80202. The
rental space encompasses approximately 121 square feet. The lease has a term of 60 months. Rent is $1
500 per month for the first
year
 increasing with the annual increase in the consumer price index thereafter on the annual anniversary date of the lease.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







NOTE
14 &#150; CONCENTRATIONS

During
the year ended January 31
 2016 two vendors accounted for 42% of our purchases. During the year ended January 31
 2015 three vendors
accounted for 61% of our purchases. During the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 three distributors accounted for 42% and
two customers accounted for 52% of our net revenues
 respectively.

For
fiscal 2016 and 2015 total sales in Canada totaled $922
517 and $1
546
422
 respectively. The Canadian RealCup licensing revenue
for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 were $410
153 and $282
641
 respectively. &#160;

For
fiscal 2016 sales in South Korea totaled $828
723 for green coffee and whole bean coffee and for fiscal 2015 sales in South Korea
totaled $227
751. &#160;

For
fiscal 2016 sales in Chile totaled $808
658 and for fiscal 2015 sales in Chile totaled $196
099. &#160; &#160;







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016










 2016

entered into a side letter agreement with JSJ. Pursuant to the side letter agreement
 JSJ agreed to extend the maturity date of
the JSJ Note to December 9
 2016 (from March 9
 2016)
 and we agreed to amend the terms of the JSJ Note relating to prepayment
to allow us the right to prepay the JSJ Note (a) from March 1
 2016 to September 9
 2016
 provided we pay a redemption premium
of 135% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon
 and (b) from September 10
 2016 to the maturity
date
 provided we pay a redemption premium of 150% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon.
The side letter agreement also amended the JSJ Note to (a) allow JSJ the right at any time after September 9
 2016
 to convert
the amount owed under the JSJ Note into shares of our common stock at a 40% discount to the third lowest trade during the previous
10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 provided that in no event will such conversion price be less than $0.00005 per
share; and (b) to add a 4.99% ownership limitation which prevents JSJ from converting the note into our common stock in the event
it and its affiliates would beneficially own more than 4.99% of our common stock upon such conversion
 provided that such percentage
can be increased by JSJ with 61 days prior written notice up to 9.99%. The side letter agreement also amended the events of default
under the JSJ Note to include other additional customary events of default
 in the event we cease filing reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission or if we file a Form 15.


we paid JSJ $117
253
 including $16
003 of interest due on the JSJ Note through March 1
 2016
 $5
000 of JSJ&#146;s legal fees
and $96
250 in consideration for JSJ agreeing to extend the due date of the JSJ Note (which represents the prepayment penalty which
would have been due had we repaid the JSJ Note when due).


 we repaid an aggregate of
$150
000 ($75
000 in each of March and April) of the amount owed to Typenex in connection with a redemption request received from
Typenex.




 we borrowed
$100
000 from a third party which has a six month term
 a total payback amount of $130
000 and is payable by way of 126 daily payments
of $1
032. In April 2016
 we borrowed $115
000 from the same lender (of which $90
000 was new lending and the remainder was used
to pay back the balance on a November 2015 loan). The April 2016 loan has a term of eight months
 a total payable amount of $158
700
and is payable by way of 168 daily payments of $945. The loans are secured by a security interest in all of our accounts
 equipment
and inventory and investment property. We have the right to repay the loans within the first 30 days after the effective date of
each loan at the rate of 85% of the applicable repayment amount and between 31 and 90 days after the effective date of each loan
at the rate of 90% of the applicable repayment amount.


 2016
 and March 15
 2016
 we sold Duck Duck Spruce
 LLC
&#148;) two 5% Convertible Promissory Notes with face amounts of $330
000
 representing $300
000 borrowed
from Duck Duck and a 10% original issue discount ($30
000)
 and $220
000
 representing $200
000 borrowed from Duck Duck and a 10%
original issue discount ($20
000)
&#148;
 and collectively

Duck Notes
rate allowed per law upon an event of default)
 and are due on December 8
 2016 (as to the March 9
 2016 note) and March 15
 2017
(as to the March 15
 2016 note)
 provided that if we repay the Duck Duck Notes more than 90 days after the issuance date thereof
the 5% interest which would have accrued through maturity is required to be paid to Duck Duck at the time of repayment.


day after the issuance date thereof along with a prepayment penalty of between 105% and 130% of the principal amount owed thereunder
plus interest (which as described above requires the total of interest through maturity if repaid more than 90 days after the issuance
date). After the 180


such as failing to timely make payments under the Duck Duck Notes when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 reporting requirements.


 day after the issuance date thereof at the option of Duck Duck
&#148; list with the DTC
 increasing by 5% if
we are not DWAC eligible
 and increasing by another 5% upon the occurrence of any event of default under the note) to the average
of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock during the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the date of conversion
 provided
that all conversions are subject to a floor of $0.05 per share.


stock if such conversion would result in Duck Duck and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding
shares of our common stock.


 2016 Duck Duck Note also (a) required us to issue 250
000
shares of restricted common stock to Duck Duck in consideration for agreeing to the sale of such note; and (b) provided that as
long as the note is outstanding
 upon any issuance by us of any convertible debt security (whether such debt begins with a convertible
feature or such feature is added at a later date) with any conversion price term more favorable than such Duck Duck Note
 then
at Duck Duck&#146;s option
 such conversion price term can apply to such March 15
 2016 Duck Duck Note.


event that the Duck Duck Notes are not repaid in cash in their entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer dilution if and to the
extent that the balance of the Duck Duck Notes is converted into common stock.


 2016
sold
Vis Vires a Convertible Promissory Note (with an issuance date of March 11
 2016) in the principal amount of $225

Vires Convertible Note
 pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated March 11
 2016. The Vis Vires Convertible
Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum (22% upon an event of default) and is due and payable on December 15
 2016. The
Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under
the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended
 reporting requirements. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis
Vires Convertible Note
 we are required to pay Vis Vires liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Vis Vires
Convertible Note.


interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into our common stock at any time following the 180th day after the
Vis Vires Convertible Note was issued. The conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is equal to the greater of (a) 65%
(a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the lowest five closing bid prices of our common stock during the ten trading days
immediately prior to the date of any conversion; and (b) $0.00009
 provided that the conversion price during major announcements
(as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement date of such major announcement
and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for
each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price also includes anti-dilution protection
such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible securities at a price equal to less than
the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion
price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
 subject to certain exceptions in the note.


of our common stock if such conversion would result in Vis Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 9.99% of
the then outstanding shares of our common stock.


Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject to payment of
a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued
and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when such prepayment is made.


negative covenants.


000 of Vis Vires&#146;s attorney&#146;s fees in connection
with the sale of the Vis Vires Convertible Note.


In the event that the Vis Vires Convertible Note is not repaid in cash in its entirety
 Company shareholders may suffer dilution
if and to the extent that the balance of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is converted into common stock.


 2016
 the Board of Directors approved
the repricing of options to purchase 6 million shares of the Company&#146;s common stock originally issued to the Company&#146;s
executive officers and directors in June 2015. Specifically
 the Board of Directors approved a change in the exercise price of
such options from $0.195 per share to $0.12 per share
 provided no other terms of the options were changed except for the re-pricing.
As a result of the repricing
 our executive officers and directors
 Brent Toevs
 Anh Tran and Rohan Marley
 each hold options to
purchase 2 million shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.12 per share
 with 666
666 options vesting
on June 30
 2016 and 666
667 options vesting on June 30
 2017 and 2018
 respectively.


 2016
 the Company entered into a settlement
and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among other things
 the provider has agreed
to buy out the Company&#146;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period from March 15
 2011 to March 15
2012 for $400
000. The Company expects to receive payment approximately 30 days after the entry into the settlement.


principle with the Securities and Exchange Commission to settle the claims made by the Commission
 which has not yet
been approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be formally approved or accepted. In the event the Company were to
have to pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter described above
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient
funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or
seek bankruptcy protection.


 2016
 the Company
entered into a settlement agreement and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among
other things
 the provider agreed to buy out the Company&#146;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period
from March 15
 2011 to March 15
 2012 for $400
000
 which the Company expects to receive approximately 30 days after the entry
into the settlement.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







 These financial
statements have been prepared by management assuming that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern and realize its
assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. However
 certain conditions noted below currently exist
which raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments to the amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern.


201
917
and $10
280
985 for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and has an accumulated deficit of $29
245
750 at January
31
 2016. In addition to the Company&#146;s recent history of losses
 the Company has only recently begun to generate revenue
as part of its principal operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as
a going concern. Further
 the operations of the Company have primarily been funded by the issuance of common stock and debt. In
order for us to conduct our business for the next twelve months and to continue operations thereafter and be able to discharge
our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business
 we must increase sales
 reduce operating expenses
 and potentially
raise additional funds
 through either debt and/or equity financing to meet our working capital needs. No assurance can be given
that additional financing will be available
 or if available
 will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital
is not available
 the Company may be required to curtail its operations.


Company&#146;s ability to meet its obligations in the ordinary course of business is dependent upon its ability to sell its
products directly to end-users and through distributors
 establish profitable operations through increased sales and
decreased expenses
 and obtain additional funds when needed. Management intends to increase sales by increasing the
Company&#146;s product offerings
 expanding its direct sales force and expanding its domestic and international distributor
relationships. The Company has reached a settlement in principle with the Commission to settle the claims made by the
Commission
 which has not yet been formally approved or accepted by the Commission to date
 and may not be approved or
accepted. In the event the Company were to have to pay significant legal fees to defend itself against the allegations made
in the complaint or pay significant fines or disgorgement in the matter
 and the Company was unable to raise sufficient
funding to pay such fines or disgorgement
 the Company could be forced to suspend its activities
 terminate its operations or
seek bankruptcy protection
 all of which could lead to the value of the Company&#146;s common stock declining in value or
becoming worthless.


to the terms and conditions of the FSHR License Agreement
 FSHR can terminate that agreement under certain circumstances
 subject
where applicable and as described in the agreement
 our right to cure such breaches and other events
 including: in the event the
Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar government agency in any country
 territory or possession makes any negative
or unlawful finding regarding our activities. Notwithstanding our categorical denial of the allegations made in the SEC&#146;s
November 2015 complaint
&#148;
&#148;
or we consent to any actions against us by the SEC in connection with the allegations made by the SEC in the November 2015 complaint
&#148;
 FSHR can terminate the FSHR License
Agreement.


of the FSHR License Agreement would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and assets
 could force us to scale
back and/or abandon our business operations
 or force us to seek bankruptcy protection and could cause the value of our common
stock to decline in value or become worthless. As we&#146;ve stated above
 none of the officers in the Company have been named
in the SEC suit and we believe that we will be found innocent of the charges alleged.


concern
 we may have to liquidate our assets
 and might realize significantly less than the values at which our net assets are
carried on our financial statements
 and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in our common stock. The accompanying
financial statements do not reflect any adjustments related to the outcome of this uncertainty.




Certain prior year
amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation for comparative purposes.




The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 as well as certain financial statement disclosures. Certain accounting principles
require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly
 a different financial
presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the assessment of the impairment of long-lived assets
 the allowance for
doubtful accounts
 valuation allowances for deferred tax assets
 and valuation of our financial and equity instruments. While management
believes that the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements are appropriate
 actual results
could differ from these estimates.




. The carrying amount
of the Company&#146;s cash
 accounts receivables
 accounts payables
 approximates their estimated fair values due to the short-term
maturities of those financial instruments.


of fair value
 a framework for measuring fair value
 and providing expanded disclosures concerning fair value whereby estimated
fair value is the price to be paid for an asset or the amount to settle a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. Accordingly
 fair value is a market-based measurement and not an entity-specific measurement.


in fair value measurements:



    
    
    

    
    

 either directly or indirectly. These inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as other inputs such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.

    
    
    

inputs
 including inputs that are available in situations where there is little
 if any
 market activity for the related asset
or liability.
        

the Company had no assets or liabilities carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of and for the years ended January
31
 2016 and 2015.&#160;




. The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At January 31
2016 and 2015
 the Company has no cash equivalents. No funds were invested in money market accounts during the year ended January
31
 2016.




Our
cash and cash equivalents are principally on deposit in a non-insured short-term asset management account at a large financial
institution. Accounts receivable potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk. Currently
 our customer base is comprised
of only a limited number of customers (see Note 14).




. Revenue is derived
from the sale of coffee products and is recognized on a gross basis upon shipment to the customer. All revenue is recognized when
(i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the service or sale is completed; (iii) the price is fixed or determinable;
and (iv) the ability to collect is reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting
estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product terms. We record promotional and return allowances based on recent
and historical trends. Promotional allowances
 including customer incentive and trade promotion activities
 are recorded as a reduction
to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates. Discounts
and promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were $1
114
015 and $668
424
 respectively.


production and fulfillment of orders placed by customers. The Company
 acting as principal
 takes title to the product and assumes
the risks of ownership; namely
 the risks of loss for collection
 delivery and returns.




 The
Company does not require collateral from its customers with respect to accounts receivable. The Company determines any required
allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the terms for each customer
 and the length of time accounts receivable
are outstanding. Management provides an allowance for accounts receivable whenever it is evident that they become uncollectible.
The Company has determined that a $71
168 allowance for doubtful accounts was required at January 31
 2016 and $100
000 for January
31
 2015. Because our accounts receivable are concentrated in a relatively few number of customers
 a significant change in the
liquidity or financial position of any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the collectability of our
accounts receivable and our future operating results.




Inventories.

 which approximates actual
cost
 on a first-in
 first-out basis. Inventories on hand are evaluated on an on-going basis to determine if any items are obsolete
or in excess of future needs. Items determined to be obsolete are reserved for. From time to time the Company provides for the
possible inability to sell its inventories by providing an excess inventory reserve. As of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company
determined that no reserve was required.



Acquisition of BlackRock Beverage Services
 Inc. and Bike Caffe Franchising Inc.
Acquisition of BlackRock Beverage Services
Inc. and Bike Caffe Franchising Inc. 
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including inventory
 fixed assets
and IP owned by BlackRock Beverage Services Inc. for $81
118 in total consideration consisting of $10
000 in cash and 158
039 common
shares of the Company valued at $71
118. In addition
 on December 4
 2013
 the Company purchased certain assets including fixed
assets
 inventory
 IP and trademarks owned by Bike Caffe Franchising
 Inc. for total consideration of $140
000 consisting of $40
000
in cash and 250
000 common shares of the Company valued at $100
000. No liabilities were assumed as part of the acquisitions. The
acquisitions were accounted for by the Company using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;). Accordingly
 at the date of acquisition
 the net assets
of BlackRock and BikeCaffe were recorded at their respective fair values and represents management&#146;s estimates based on a
third party valuation report. The Company incurred $5
000 of acquisition-related costs
 which were expensed as incurred in the
accompanying Statement of Operations included within Other Operating Expenses.


are included in the accompanying statements of operations from the date of acquisition. The net assets acquired were recorded
at their fair values at the date of acquisition
 as summarized in the following table:

Bike
Caffe Franchising
 Inc.



    
    

    
    

    
75
656


 net
7
400

Total Tangible
    Assets
83
056

    
    

    
15
000

    
20
800

    
14
100

    
49
900

    
7
044

    
140
000



 LLC
&#148;) in July 2015 and there are no longer any intangibles or fixed assets related to this company. See Note
5 for more details.




Equipment is
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Maintenance and repairs
 as incurred
 are charged to expense. Renewals
and enhancements which extend the life or improve existing equipment are capitalized. Upon disposition or retirement of equipment
the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Depreciation
is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which are three years.


follows:




    
January 31

2016
January 31

2015

    
205
548
242
385

    
67
545
67
545

    
66
507
75
851

    
151
373
151
373

    
490
973
537
154

    
    
    

    
303
135
155
906

    
187
838
381
248



884 and $115
372
for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




 Long-lived
assets consist primarily of a license agreement that was recorded at the estimated cost to acquire the asset. The license agreement
is reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be
recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of
the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying
amount of the assets
 the assets are written down to their estimated fair values. Management evaluated the carrying value of the
license and determined that no impairment existed at January 31
 2016 or 2015.




Pursuant
to the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) FASB ASC 718-10
 &#147;Compensation &#150; Stock
Compensation
&#148; which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for employee service
 management utilizes the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock option awards at the date of grant
 which requires
the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs and assumptions
can materially affect the measure of estimated fair value of our share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective and
generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value
 some of the assumptions will be based
on
 or determined from
 external data and other assumptions may be derived from our historical experience with stock-based payment
arrangements. The appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment
 based on relevant facts and circumstances.


is recorded based on the value of the services or the value of the common stock whichever is more clearly determinable. Whenever
the value of the services is not determinable
 the measurement date occurs generally at the date of issuance of the stock. In more
limited cases
 it occurs when a commitment for performance has been reached with the counterparty and nonperformance is subject
to significant disincentives. If the total value of stock issued exceeds the par value
 the value in excess of the par value is
added to the additional paid-in-capital.


common stock by considering historical stock volatility.




. The Company follows Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification No 740
 


liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and on net operating
loss carry forwards using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation
allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.




.
Basic earnings per common share equal net earnings or loss divided by the weighted average of shares outstanding during the reporting
period. Diluted earnings per share include the impact on dilution from all contingently issuable shares
 including options
 warrants
and convertible securities. The common stock equivalents from contingent shares are determined by the treasury stock method. The
Company incurred a net loss for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively and therefore
 basic and diluted earnings
per share for those periods are the same because all potential common equivalent shares would be anti-dilutive. Anti-dilutive shares
include -0- and 11
144
863 options for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015.




 A derivative
is an instrument whose value is &#147;derived&#148; from an underlying instrument or index such as a future
 forward
 swap
 option contract
or other financial instrument with similar characteristics
 including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts
and for hedging activities. As a matter of policy
 the Company does not invest in separable financial derivatives or engage in
hedging transactions. However
 the Company entered into certain debt financing transactions in fiscal 2016
 as disclosed in Note
8
 containing certain embedded features that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. The Company may engage
in other similar complex financing transactions in the future
 but not with the intention to enter into derivative instruments.
Derivatives are measured at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model and marked to market through earnings. However
such new and/or complex instruments may have immature or limited markets. As a result
 the pricing models used for valuation of
derivatives often incorporate significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect
the estimate of the fair value of derivative liabilities and
 consequently
 the related amount recognized as a change in fair
value of derivative liabilities on the consolidated statement of operations. Furthermore
 depending on the terms of a derivative
the valuation of derivatives may be removed from the financial statements upon exercise or conversion of the underlying instrument
into some other security or if the contract is modified.


within stockholders' equity or as liabilities in our financial statements. Our policy is to settle instruments indexed to our
common shares on a first-in-first-out basis.


date. If the classification changes as a result of events during a reporting period
 the instrument is reclassified as of the
date of the event that caused the reclassification. There is no limit on the number of times a contract may be reclassified.


 we adopted the
guidance
 as codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&#147;ASC&#148;) 815-40

 Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and
Potentially Settled in
 a Company's Own Stock
 that requires us to apply a two-step model in determining whether a
financial instrument or an embedded feature is indexed to our own stock and thus enables it to qualify for equity
classification. The embedded conversion option features did not qualify for equity classification as they had no conversion
price floor and as such required treatment as derivative liabilities. Accordingly
 $778
951 of conversion feature derivative
liabilities are carried at January 31
 2016.






 &#147;Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures&#148; (&#147;ASC 820&#148;)
 in connection with assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis subsequent to initial recognition. The guidance applies to our derivative liabilities. We had no assets or liabilities measured
at fair value on a non-recurring basis for any period reported.



carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories. We measure the fair value of applicable
financial and non-financial assets based on the following fair value hierarchy:


markets for identical assets or liabilities.


or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.


not corroborated by market data.


the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value.


is determined based on unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data
 which is a Level 3 classification. We record
derivative liabilities on our balance sheet at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in our consolidated statements of
operations.


to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data
 if available
 when determining fair value. There
were no transfers between Level 1
 Level 2 and/or Level 3 during fiscal 2016. Our fair value measurements at the January 31
 2016
reporting date are classified based on the valuation technique level noted in the table below:



value of financial liabilities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis included in the Company&#146;s financial
statements as of January 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





Significant Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements
adoption until a future date are being evaluated by the Company to determine whether adoption will have a material impact on the
Company&#146;s financial statements. Such pronouncements include the following:

Financial Accounting Standards Board
 or FASB
 Accounting Standards
Update
 or ASU 2016-02 &#147;Leases (Topic 842)&#148; &#150; 
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which will require
lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.&#160; For income statement
purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance.&#160; Classification
will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines.&#160;
Lessor accounting is similar to the current model
 but updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue
recognition standard.&#160; This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 18
 2018
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years.&#160; We are currently evaluating the potential impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures.

FASB ASU 2014-09 &#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606)
&#148; or ASU 2014-09
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
of Accounting Standards Codification
 or ASC
 Topic 605 &#147;Revenue Recognition.&#148; This ASU is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with the option to adopt as early as December 15
 2017. We are currently assessing the
impact of adoption of this ASU on our consolidated results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.




 Management has evaluated
events subsequent to January 31
 2016 through the date the accompanying statements were filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for transactions and other events that may require adjustment of and/or disclosure in such financial statements.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method
 acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example
 the treatment accorded contingent consideration
 the identification of assets and liabilities
 the purchase price allocation process
 how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity
 and the rationale for that accounting policy.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
 -Paragraph 3
 4





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







The net assets acquired were recorded
at their fair values at the date of acquisition
 as summarized in the following table:

Bike
Caffe Franchising
 Inc.



    
    

    
    

    
75
656


 net
7
400

Total Tangible
    Assets
83
056

    
    

    
15
000

    
20
800

    
14
100

    
49
900

    
7
044

    
140
000




Our property and equipment is summarized as
follows:




    
January 31

2016
January 31

2015

    
205
548
242
385

    
67
545
67
545

    
66
507
75
851

    
151
373
151
373

    
490
973
537
154

    
    
    

    
303
135
155
906

    
187
838
381
248






The following table presents the estimated fair
value of financial liabilities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis included in the Company&#146;s financial
statements as of January 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.




























Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016











    
January 31

January 31


    
    
197
581

    
    
197
581



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016








                                
January 31

January 31


    
1
159
120
596
249

    
220
131
172
705

    
3
856
15
718

    
19
681
96
135

    
83
939
373
445

    
(71
168
(100
000

    
1
415
559
1
154
252





































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016






Schedule of license agreement
 net
License agreement
 net consists of the following:
January
    31


    
    
    

    
730
000
730
000

    
(170
332
(121
666


 net
559
668
608
334











    
Years Ended January 31


    
    
    

    
(48
666
(48
667

    
(48
666
(48
667






The following table shows the estimated amortization
expense for such assets for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter.




Years Ending January 31

    

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
46
292

    
328
208

    
559
668
































































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016

Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]





Prepaid expenses are comprised of
the following:





    
    
    

    
January 31

January 31


    
15
721
    

    
14
450
18
986

    
30
171
18
986














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







Convertible
and Other Notes Payable are as follows:



    
    
Outstanding

    January 31
 2016
    
    Proceeds
    
    Rate
    

Colorado
    Medical Finance Services
 LLC *
500
000
141
900
358
100
    
    

    
275
000
275
000
    
    
    

    
1
005
000
255
000
750
000
    
    

    
900
000
385
000
515
000
    
    

Vis
    Vires
250
000
254
000
    
    
    



*Line
of Credit.




The
following table summarizes the Company&#146;s annual principal maturities of debt for the five years subsequent to December 31
2016:



Year ended December
    31

    

    
670
900

    
385
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
255
000

    
1
310
900



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]





Activity in options during the year ended
January 31
 2016 and related balances outstanding as of that date are set forth below:






    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2014
17
260
000
    
    

    
820
000
    
    

    
(50
000
    
    

    
(200
000
    
    


 2015
17
830
000
    
    


 2015
10
952
633
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2015
17
830
000
    
    

    
6
780
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
020
000
    
    


 2016
23
590
000
    
    


 2016
14
151
658
    
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016








    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2015
7
333
529
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2016
7
333
529
    
    










Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2016







Components of
net deferred tax assets
 including a valuation allowance
 are as follows at January 31
 2016 and 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
821
077
6
392
132

    
2
728
166
2
212
946

    
52
414
    

    
26
372
37
056

    
9
628
029
8
642
133

    
(9
628
029
(8
642
133

    
    
    




Reconciliation
between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate is as follows at January 31
 2016 and 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 04
 2013
Aug. 16
 2013
Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2014








201
917)


280
985)











245
750


043
833











114
015


424











168


000















000






















884


372













144
863





Bike Caffe Franchising
 Inc. [Member]














000











Issuance of shares in acquisitions
 shares

000













000











BlackRock Beverage Services
 Inc. [Member]
















000









Issuance of shares in acquisitions
 shares



039













118













The capitalized costs incurred during the period (excluded from amortization) to purchase
 lease or otherwise acquire an unproved property
 including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease properties
 the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee
 brokers' fees
 recording fees
 legal costs
 and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.

























































Aggregate of: (i) sales discounts given by the entity
 including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due
 (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions)
 and (iii) price reductions (allowance
 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts
 returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30



























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Details) - Bike Caffe Franchising
 Inc. [Member]














656



Fixed Assets - Property and Equipment
net

400





056










000





800





100





900





044





000













































































































































































































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

973


154





135


906



Property and equipment
 net

838


248










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

507


851










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

548


385










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

545


545










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

373


373







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015











951





Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 - Internal models with significant unobservable market parameters [Member]















951





Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Carrying Value [Member]















951






































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015













581







581



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015


Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]








168)


000)



Receivables
 net

415
559


154
252










Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






Receivables
 gross

856


718










Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






Receivables
 gross

939


445










Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






Receivables
 gross

131


705










Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






Receivables
 gross

681


135










Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






Receivables
 gross

159
120


249




































Amounts due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.
 -Subparagraph a
 b



























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2013
Sep. 13
 2012
Aug. 05
 2011
Mar. 31
 2010




000


000

















000











773


935


































715







































174















670


960













666


667


333







































Total shares reserved for issuance
 per the licensing agreement











000
000















000
000















000
000















000




























000
000















000



































































The number of shares to be issued on each anniversary
 for nine years
 of the execution of the licensing agreement.




























The monthly amount payable on outstanding debt due to Marley COffee
 as a result of the replacement of the company's trademark licensing agreement in September 2012.




























Royalty percentage
 as a percentage of net sales per trademark licensing agreements.






















































































Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.






















































































Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015











000


000





332)


666)



License Agreement
 net

668


334



































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015











666)


667)













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015


Years Ending January 31









292







292







292







292







292







208





License Agreement
 net

668


334







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized in the remainder of the fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Jul. 15
 2015


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]










000







000







000




Pursuant         to the Sale Agreement
 BRB agreed to pay the Company
        $300
000 in cash
         with $200

        15
         2015)

000 payable in 24 equal monthly installments
 provided that         if BRB&#146;s
        average         sales do         not meet a minimum of $50
000 per month during each of the first six months following the
        closing
                the aggregate         amount of $100
000 in payments due is reduced by $5
000 for each month such
        $50
000 monthly minimum is         not met. Black             Rock Beverages
 LLC paid $61
000 in December 2015 for the final
        payment owed under this purchase         agreement and the gain was         recognized         at that time. Additionally
 at
        the sale date the Company agreed to continue to         pay the salary of one of its employees         acquired in the
        Company&#146;s         original acquisition of the Black Rock         Beverage division in August 2013 and to
        continue to cover the rent
 for five months
 on         a warehouse located         on Lipan St. in Denver
 Colorado
 and BRB
        agreed         to assume certain of the Company&#146;s capital and vehicle          leases. We also agreed to a six-month
        freeze on         increasing any cost of goods purchased by BRB for products sold         through the Black         Rock
        Beverage operations. Subsequent to December 2015
 the Company has no further obligations related to the sale.







000









Amount of consideration received or receivable in installments for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.




























Amount of consideration received or receivable on the closing date for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.




























Amount of consideration received or receivable for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.




























Description of the facts and circumstances leading to the completed or expected disposal
 and the manner and timing of that disposal.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015


Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]








721







450


986





171


986




































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for prepaid customer discounts that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2016


























875


454









399


454









476













000















774



























242


416































431


231





































335




























































191


598




938
886





796


348





























Chairman
 ownership percentage


































408

































411












































833


798










































980



































500


































































780





































439



























053
298


675
102


053
298


053
298





934


326


934


934



























670


960


670


670









194

















































































































































































































































Amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.



















































































































Amount of selling
 general and administrative expenses resulting from transactions
 excluding transactions that are eliminated in consolidated or combined financial statements
 with related party.




























Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 26
 2015
Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2016











Line of credit facility
 effective date





  2015



Line of credit
 amount advanced

000


000





Line of credit facility
 interest rate payable in cash








Line of credit facility
 interest rate payable in cash or products and services








Line of credit facility
 expiration date





  2016



Line of credit facility
 days given to cure default








Line of credit facility
 interest rate upon default








Line of credit facility
 amount outstanding



347


347



Line of credit facility
 principal due



900


900



Line of credit facility
 interest payable



448


448





























































































The line of credit facility interest rate payable in either cash
 or
 at the option of the lender and with the Company''s consent
 by a reduction in amounts owed to the Company by the lender in connection with the sale of coffee or other promotional activities.






















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Date the credit facility first became available
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Sep. 24
 2015
Sep. 16
 2015
Sep. 14
 2015
Sep. 09
 2015
Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015

















Convertible notes payable
 net of discount









029
558















613
666















108















951













































  2015







000








000













































000














The principal amount of the Vis Vires Convertible
Note and all accrued interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into our common stock at any time following the
180th day after the Vis Vires Convertible Note was issued. The conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is equal to
the greater of (a) 65% (a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the lowest five closing bid prices of our common stock during
the ten trading days immediately prior to the date of any conversion; and (b) $0.00009
 provided that the conversion price during
major announcements (as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement
date of such major announcement and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are
required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion
price also includes anti-dilution protection such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible
securities at a price equal to less than the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such
issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
subject to certain exceptions in the note
 including an exemption for persons with whom the Company was in discussions regarding
an investment at the time the Vis Vires Convertible Note was entered into and officer and employee issuances/grants.





Conversion price
 percentage against trading price
















000






















The Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard
and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the
failure of the Company to timely comply with Exchange Act reporting requirements.&#160;Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain
fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 we are required to repay Vis Vires liquidated damages in
addition to the amount owed under the Vis Vires Convertible Note.














At no time may the Vis Vires Convertible Note be
converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in Vis Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate
of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock.We may prepay in full the unpaid principal and interest
on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject
to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
(inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when such prepayment is made.





























We may prepay in full the unpaid principal and
interest on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date.
Any prepayment is subject to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance of the
Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when
such prepayment is made.













































  2015















000






























000














The JMJ Convertible Note (including principal and
accrued interest and where applicable other fees) is convertible into our common stock
 at any time
 at the lesser of $0.75 per
share or 65% (a 35% discount) of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock in the 20 trading days prior to the date of
any conversion
 provided that if we are not DWAC eligible at the time of any conversion an additional 10% discount applies
 and
in the event our common stock is not DTC eligible at the time of any conversion
 an additional 5% discount applies. The JMJ Convertible
Note provides that unless we and JMJ agree in writing
 JMJ is not eligible to convert any amount of the note into common stock
which would result in JMJ owning more than 4.99% of our common stock.





Conversion price
 percentage against trading price























The JMJ Convertible Note provides for customary
events of default including
 our failure to timely make payments under the JMJ Convertible Note when due
 our entry into bankruptcy
proceedings
 our failure to file reports with the SEC
 our loss of DTC eligibility for our common stock
 and the investor's loss
of the ability to rely on Rule 144. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of an event of default
 as described in greater detail in
the JMJ Convertible Note
 and at the election of JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ
 either (i) the amount then owed under the note
divided by the applicable conversion price
 on the date the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is lower)
multiplied by the volume weighted average price on the date the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is
higher)
 or (ii) 150% of the principal amount of the note
 plus all of the unpaid interest
 fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
and other amounts due. Any amount not paid when due accrues interest at the rate of 18% per annum until paid in full. JMJ is not
required to provide us any written notice in order to accelerate the amounts owed under the JMJ Convertible Note in the event
of the occurrence of an event of default.
























000



































Until 180 days after the date of the note
 we are able to
prepay the note assuming we prepay all outstanding principal together with a penalty of 40% of such amount
 interest
fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
 and the original issuance discount due thereon; and after 160 days
 we are not able to
prepay the note without JMJ&#146;s written approval.














We agreed that we would reserve 25 million shares of common  stock for conversion of the note. In teh event we fail to deliver shares within four days of the date of any conversion  by JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ $2
000 per day in penalties.&#160;






























000






























000
000













































  2015















005
000













































000














Beginning
on the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date and on the same day of each month thereafter until the maturity date
so long as any amount is outstanding under the Typenex Note
 the Company is required to pay to Typenex installments of principal
equal to $75
000 (or such lesser principal amount as is then outstanding)
 plus the sum of any accrued and unpaid interest. Payments
of each installment amount may be made in cash
 subject to the terms of the note. Alternatively
 Typenex or the Company may elect
to convert an installment amount into Common Stock as described below.














Beginning six (6) months after the Closing Date
Typenex may convert the balance of the Typenex Note
 or any installment or portion thereof
 utilizing the conversion price calculation
set forth below. Generally
 the conversion price will be $0.30 per share; however
 in the event the Company's market capitalization
falls below $3 million
 then the conversion price is the lower of (a) $0.30 per share
 and (b) the Market Price. The &#147;Market
Price&#148; is calculated by applying a discount of 40% (provided that under certain events the discount may be reduced to
up to 60%
 upon the occurrence of certain events (with a reduction of 5% per event) such as the value of common stock (as calculated
in the note) declining below $0.10 per share; the Company not being Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian -&#160;DWAC eligible; the
Company's common stock not being DTC eligible; or the occurrence of any major default (as described in the note))
 to the average
of the three (3) lowest intra-day trading prices of the Company's common stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding
the applicable conversion. The Company may also elect to make payment of installments in the form of equity on substantially the
same terms
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Typenex Note
 and Typenex's right in certain cases to require a certain
portion of such payment to be paid in cash or stock. Additionally
 20 days after shares issued upon redemption of the note are
eligible to be freely traded by Typenex (as described in the note)
 there is a required true up
 whereby Typenex is required to
be issued additional shares in the event the trading price of the Company's common stock has declined from the time of original
issuance to the date such shares are &#145;free trading' as described in the Typenex Note.














The Typenex Note contains customary and usual events of
default. In the event of a default
 the Typenex Note may be accelerated by Typenex. The outstanding balance would be
immediately due and payable and we are required to repay Typenex additional amounts (including the value of the amount then
due in common stock
 at the highest intraday trading price of the amount then due under the note) and/or liquidated damages
in addition to the amount owed under the Typenex Note. In addition
 we owe certain fees and liquidated damages to Typenex if
we fail to timely issue shares of common stock under the Typenex Note.














Typenex is prohibited from owning more than 4.99%
of the Company's outstanding shares
 pursuant to the Typenex Note
 unless the market capitalization of the Company's common stock
is less than $10
000
000
 in which case Typenex is prohibited from owning more than 9.99% of the Company's outstanding shares.













































000





























The Company has the right to prepay the Typenex Note
under certain circumstances
 subject to payment of a 35% prepayment penalty during the first six months the note is
outstanding and 50% thereafter.














If
 at any time that the Typenex Note is outstanding
 the
Company sells or issues any common stock or other securities exercisable for
 or convertible into
 Common Stock for a price
per share that is less than the conversion price applicable under the Typenex Note
 then such lower price will apply to all
subsequent conversions by Typenex for a period of 20 trading days.









































000






























000















000













































000













































000

















































  2015















000













































000














The JSJ convertible note is payable by us on demand
by JSJ at any time after March 6
 2016. We have the right to repay the JSJ Convertible Note (a) for an amount equal to 135% of
the then balance of such note until the 180th day following the date of the note
 and (b) for an amount equal to 150% of the balance
of such note subsequent to the maturity date (provided the holder consents to such payment after maturity).














The JSJ Convertible Note and all accrued interest
is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into the Company's common stock at any time. The conversion price of the JSJ
Convertible Note is 60% (a 40% discount) to the third lowest intra-day trading price of the Company's common stock during the
10 trading days prior to any conversion date of the note. In the event we do not issue the holder any shares due in connection
with a conversion within three business days
 we are required to issue the holder additional shares equal to 25% of the conversion
amount
 and an additional 25% of such shares for each additional five business days beyond such fourth business day that such
failure continues. In the event we do not have a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of common stock to allow
for the conversion of the note
 the discount rate (40%) is increased by an additional 5%.





Conversion price
 percentage against trading price






















000
















The JSJ Convertible Note contains standard and
customary events of default
 including in the event we fail to timely file any and all reports due with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 JSJ can demand that we immediately repay 150% of the outstanding balance
of the JSJ Convertible Note together with accrued interest (and default interest
 if any).














Pursuant to the terms of the JSJ Convertible Note
JSJ agreed not to engage in any short sales or hedging transactions of our common stock. At no time may the JSJ Convertible Note
be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in JSJ and its affiliates owning an aggregate of
in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock
 provided such percentage may be increased by JSJ to up
to increases to 9.99% upon not less than 61 days prior written notice to us.









Additional funds that may be borrowed from noteholder
 provided certain terms are agreed to.
























































The conversion price of the convertible note
 represented as a percentage against the specified trading price of the company's common stock in a trailing period.




























Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.




























Discount
 depicted as a percentage
 at issuance of deb against face valuet.

























































Interest rate charged as a one-time fee to the principal amount of the loan
 under the debt agreement




























Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.






















































































Number of shares reserved for conversion
 under the terms of the debt agreement.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
 -Paragraph 19
 20



























Amount of long-term debt before deduction of unamortized discount or premium. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.




























Description of minimum financial levels (for example
 tangible net worth and working capital) and achievement of certain financial ratios (for example
 working capital ratio and debt service coverage ratio)
 and adherence to certain clauses which generally require or restrict certain actions (for example
 entering into a debt arrangement with equal or greater seniority
 and selling or discontinuing a certain business segment or material subsidiary) to be in compliance with the covenant clauses of the debt agreement. May also include a discussion of the adverse consequences that would result if the entity violates or fails to satisfy the covenants.

























































Description of the frequency of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Amount of debt issuance costs (for example
 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).




























Discussion of the facts and amounts pertaining to each failure to comply with an affirmative or negative covenant of a long-term debt instrument
 including violating payment terms or an inability to meet certain minimum financial requirements or achieve or maintain certain financial ratios. The discussion would generally be expected to also include whether or not the failure can and will be overcome and a description of the terms of any waivers
 including the amount of the waiver and the period of time covered by the waiver
 and if reclassification of long-term debt to current has been made in the current balance sheet.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























































173





































000






















Amount of loan to be paid
 inclusive of interest



000







































032





































000
























Amount of loan to be paid
 inclusive of interest

700




















































000















































000
















Amount of loan to be paid
 inclusive of interest









700












































000












We have the right to repay the loans within the
first 30 days after the effective date of each loan at the rate of 85% of the applicable repayment amount and between 31 and 90
days after the effective date of each loan at the rate of 90% of the applicable repayment amount.















































000
















Amount of loan to be paid
 inclusive of interest









500







































378









112







































000




















Amount of loan to be paid
 inclusive of interest





400







































383













888

























































































The number of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).

























































Reflects the total amount that will be paid back at or prior to maturity
 inclusive of interest.
























































Description of the frequency of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).

























































Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3





































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 31
 2016
Sep. 24
 2015











347







  2016





Colorado Medical Finance Services
 LLC [Member]















000







900







100














  2016





















000







000














  2016





















005
000







000







000














  2022





















000







000







000














  2017





















000


000





000





















  2016

































































Amount of long-term debt before deduction of unamortized discount or premium. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Year ended December 31







900





000





000





310
900







Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22























































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the remainder of the fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015


Common stock
 shares authorized

112
861
525


112
861
525



Common stock
 par value








284


442





000














894


764



Issuance of common stock for services
 shares

894
044


764
356










Retirement of common stock for accounts receivable
 shares

480)














390


678





869





























































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2014




713
764


864
995







651
146









590
000


830
000


260
000





151
658


952
633
















446
000


793
















000
000









333
333


















000
000









907


















000
000









363
612


















500
000









500
000


















333









333











Grant date fair value of options. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock




























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.

























































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2014













830
000


260
000







780
000


000







020
000)


000)







590
000


830
000


260
000





151
658


952
633
















































































































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.

























































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.












































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Apr. 24
 2014
Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015






















333
529































































500
000




























































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















407
581



































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015











821
077


392
132





728
166


212
946





414







372


056





628
029


642
133



Less
 valuation allowance

628
029)


642
133)






























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015
















State taxes
 net of federal benefit











































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































































































Stock sold during the period
 value



























500
000


































































466





































  2017































150




950






800






































































800










































































  2016






































































499






172








858







Monthly rent due
 under option to renew







560


192


839


































































































































































500
















































Stock sold during the period
 value































500
000





Stock sold during period
 shares | shares































250
000












































000





































000























































000

















Settlement With Whittle [Member] | Damages Sought
 Payments Related To Consulting Agreement [Member]








































715

































Settlement With Whittle [Member] | Damages Sought
 Breach Of Consulting Agreement [Member]








































000








































































































480



























































































































The monthly rent due under operating leases
 for the renewal period.






















































































Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Term of the lessor's leasing arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.























































































 -Paragraph 29
 30




























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2015











198
605


901
367



















658


099



















517


546
422





153


641



KOREA
 REPUBLIC OF [Member]















723


751
























Percentage concentration
 additional description






Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]




















Percentage concentration
 additional description










For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark
 this item identifies a second characteristic of the concentration. For example
 Europe is the second characteristic in the phrase: net assets in Europe are 70% of total net assets.

























































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Revenue from multiple-deliverable arrangements that include licensing fees and services revenue. Licensing revenue is consideration received from another party for the right to use
 but not own
 certain of the entity's intangible assets. Licensing arrangements include
 but are not limited to
 rights to use a patent
 copyright
 technology
 manufacturing process
 software or trademark. Licensing fees are generally
 but not always
 fixed as to amount and not dependent upon the revenue generated by the licensing party. An entity may receive licensing fees for licenses that also generate royalty payments to the entity. Services revenue may be derived by providing other
 nonspecified
 services during the reporting period.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(d)
(e))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















Apr. 20
 2016
Mar. 15
 2016
Mar. 10
 2016
Mar. 08
 2016
Sep. 24
 2015
Sep. 16
 2015
Sep. 09
 2015
Apr. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 16
 2016
Apr. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017
Jan. 31
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015
Jan. 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2014
































108







































590
000




830
000


260
000












































  2016






































On April 20
 2016
 the Company entered into a settlement
and release with one of its officer and director insurance providers
 pursuant to which among other things
 the provider has agreed
to buy out the Company&#146;s officer and director liability insurance policy for the period from March 15
 2011 to March 15
2012 for $400
000.







































000
































































































































































  2016






































On March 10
 2016
 the Board of Directors approved
the repricing of options to purchase 6 million shares of the Company&#146;s common stock originally issued to the Company&#146;s
executive officers and directors in June 2015. 







































000
000





















































































































000
000
































































































666


667


667
























































000
000
































































































666


667


667
























































000
000
































































































666


667


667
















































































333




















































  2016














































































000







































000














































































000







































  2017







































000


















































































  2016














































































000







































000














































































000







































  2016



































































































The principal amount of the Vis Vires Convertible
Note and all accrued interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into our common stock at any time following the
180th day after the Vis Vires Convertible Note was issued. The conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is equal to
the greater of (a) 65% (a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the lowest five closing bid prices of our common stock during
the ten trading days immediately prior to the date of any conversion; and (b) $0.00009
 provided that the conversion price during
major announcements (as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement
date of such major announcement and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are
required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion
price also includes anti-dilution protection such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible
securities at a price equal to less than the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such
issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
subject to certain exceptions in the note
 including an exemption for persons with whom the Company was in discussions regarding
an investment at the time the Vis Vires Convertible Note was entered into and officer and employee issuances/grants.






































The Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard
and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the
failure of the Company to timely comply with Exchange Act reporting requirements.&#160;Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain
fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 we are required to repay Vis Vires liquidated damages in
addition to the amount owed under the Vis Vires Convertible Note.







































  2015


























































000




















000







































  2016






































We may prepay in full the unpaid principal and
interest on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date.
Any prepayment is subject to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance of the
Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when
such prepayment is made.






































At no time may the Vis Vires Convertible Note be
converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in Vis Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate
of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock.We may prepay in full the unpaid principal and interest
on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject
to payment of a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note
(inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when such prepayment is made.


























































000























































































The principal amount of the Vis Vires Convertible Note and all accrued
interest is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into our common stock at any time following the 180th day after the
Vis Vires Convertible Note was issued. The conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is equal to the greater of (a) 65%
(a 35% discount) multiplied by the average of the lowest five closing bid prices of our common stock during the ten trading days
immediately prior to the date of any conversion; and (b) $0.00009
 provided that the conversion price during major announcements
(as described in the Vis Vires Convertible Note) is the lower of the conversion price on the announcement date of such major announcement
and the conversion price on the date of conversion. In the event we fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the note within three business days of our receipt of a conversion notice
 we are required to pay Vis Vires $2
000 per day for
each day that we fail to deliver such shares. The Vis Vires Convertible Note conversion price also includes anti-dilution protection
such that in the event we issue or are deemed to have issued common stock or convertible securities at a price equal to less than
the conversion price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note in effect on the date of such issuance or deemed issuance
 the conversion
price of the Vis Vires Convertible Note is automatically reduced to such lower price
 subject to certain exceptions in the note.






































he
Vis Vires Convertible Note provides for standard and customary events of default such as failing to timely make payments under
the Vis Vires Convertible Note when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended
 reporting requirements. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of certain fundamental defaults
 as described in the Vis
Vires Convertible Note
 we are required to pay Vis Vires liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Vis Vires
Convertible Note.







































  2016














































































000






































We may prepay in full the unpaid principal and interest on the Vis Vires
Convertible Note
 upon notice
 any time prior to the 180th day after the issuance date. Any prepayment is subject to payment of
a prepayment amount ranging from 108% to 133% of the then outstanding balance on the Vis Vires Convertible Note (inclusive of accrued
and unpaid interest and any default amounts then owing)
 depending on when such prepayment is made.






































At no time may the Vis Vires Convertible Note be converted into shares
of our common stock if such conversion would result in Vis Vires and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 9.99% of
the then outstanding shares of our common stock.














































































000























































































The JMJ Convertible Note (including principal and
accrued interest and where applicable other fees) is convertible into our common stock
 at any time
 at the lesser of $0.75 per
share or 65% (a 35% discount) of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock in the 20 trading days prior to the date of
any conversion
 provided that if we are not DWAC eligible at the time of any conversion an additional 10% discount applies
 and
in the event our common stock is not DTC eligible at the time of any conversion
 an additional 5% discount applies. The JMJ Convertible
Note provides that unless we and JMJ agree in writing
 JMJ is not eligible to convert any amount of the note into common stock
which would result in JMJ owning more than 4.99% of our common stock.






































The JMJ Convertible Note provides for customary
events of default including
 our failure to timely make payments under the JMJ Convertible Note when due
 our entry into bankruptcy
proceedings
 our failure to file reports with the SEC
 our loss of DTC eligibility for our common stock
 and the investor's loss
of the ability to rely on Rule 144. Additionally
 upon the occurrence of an event of default
 as described in greater detail in
the JMJ Convertible Note
 and at the election of JMJ
 we are required to pay JMJ
 either (i) the amount then owed under the note
divided by the applicable conversion price
 on the date the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is lower)
multiplied by the volume weighted average price on the date the default occurs or the default amount is demanded (whichever is
higher)
 or (ii) 150% of the principal amount of the note
 plus all of the unpaid interest
 fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
and other amounts due. Any amount not paid when due accrues interest at the rate of 18% per annum until paid in full. JMJ is not
required to provide us any written notice in order to accelerate the amounts owed under the JMJ Convertible Note in the event
of the occurrence of an event of default.







































  2015














































































000





















000
































































































  2017






































Until 180 days after the date of the note
 we are able to
prepay the note assuming we prepay all outstanding principal together with a penalty of 40% of such amount
 interest
fees
 liquidated damages (if any)
 and the original issuance discount due thereon; and after 160 days
 we are not able to
prepay the note without JMJ&#146;s written approval.













































































The JSJ convertible note is payable by us on demand
by JSJ at any time after March 6
 2016. We have the right to repay the JSJ Convertible Note (a) for an amount equal to 135% of
the then balance of such note until the 180th day following the date of the note
 and (b) for an amount equal to 150% of the balance
of such note subsequent to the maturity date (provided the holder consents to such payment after maturity).






































The JSJ Convertible Note and all accrued interest
is convertible at the option of the holder thereof into the Company's common stock at any time. The conversion price of the JSJ
Convertible Note is 60% (a 40% discount) to the third lowest intra-day trading price of the Company's common stock during the
10 trading days prior to any conversion date of the note. In the event we do not issue the holder any shares due in connection
with a conversion within three business days
 we are required to issue the holder additional shares equal to 25% of the conversion
amount
 and an additional 25% of such shares for each additional five business days beyond such fourth business day that such
failure continues. In the event we do not have a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of common stock to allow
for the conversion of the note
 the discount rate (40%) is increased by an additional 5%.






































The JSJ Convertible Note contains standard and
customary events of default
 including in the event we fail to timely file any and all reports due with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 JSJ can demand that we immediately repay 150% of the outstanding balance
of the JSJ Convertible Note together with accrued interest (and default interest
 if any).







































  2015














































































000







































  2016






































Pursuant to the terms of the JSJ Convertible Note
JSJ agreed not to engage in any short sales or hedging transactions of our common stock. At no time may the JSJ Convertible Note
be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in JSJ and its affiliates owning an aggregate of
in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock
 provided such percentage may be increased by JSJ to up
to increases to 9.99% upon not less than 61 days prior written notice to us.






























































000


















































































  2016






































On March 1
 2016

entered into a side letter agreement with JSJ. Pursuant to the side letter agreement
 JSJ agreed to extend the maturity date of
the JSJ Note to December 9
 2016 (from March 9
 2016)
 and we agreed to amend the terms of the JSJ Note







































 2016 (from March 9
 2016)
 and we agreed to amend the terms of the JSJ Note relating to prepayment
 to allow us the right to prepay the JSJ Note (a) from March 1
 2016 to September 9
 2016
 provided we pay a redemption premium of 135% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon
 and (b) from September 10
 2016 to the maturity date
 provided we pay a redemption premium of 150% of the principal amount of such note together with accrued interest thereon.






































The side letter agreement also amended the JSJ
Note to (a) allow JSJ the right at any time after September 9
 2016
 to convert the amount owed under the JSJ Note into shares
of our common stock at a 40% discount to the third lowest trade during the previous 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
provided that in no event will such conversion price be less than $0.00005 per share; and (b) to add a 4.99% ownership limitation
which prevents JSJ from converting the note into our common stock in the event it and its affiliates would beneficially own more
than 4.99% of our common stock upon such conversion
 provided that such percentage can be increased by JSJ with 61 days prior
written notice up to 9.99%.






































The side letter agreement also amended the events
of default under the JSJ Note to include other additional customary events of default
 in the event we cease filing reports with
the Securities and Exchange Commission or if we file a Form 15.







































253







































003







































000







































250

























































































Beginning
on the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date and on the same day of each month thereafter until the maturity date
so long as any amount is outstanding under the Typenex Note
 the Company is required to pay to Typenex installments of principal
equal to $75
000 (or such lesser principal amount as is then outstanding)
 plus the sum of any accrued and unpaid interest. Payments
of each installment amount may be made in cash
 subject to the terms of the note. Alternatively
 Typenex or the Company may elect
to convert an installment amount into Common Stock as described below.






































Beginning six (6) months after the Closing Date
Typenex may convert the balance of the Typenex Note
 or any installment or portion thereof
 utilizing the conversion price calculation
set forth below. Generally
 the conversion price will be $0.30 per share; however
 in the event the Company's market capitalization
falls below $3 million
 then the conversion price is the lower of (a) $0.30 per share
 and (b) the Market Price. The &#147;Market
Price&#148; is calculated by applying a discount of 40% (provided that under certain events the discount may be reduced to
up to 60%
 upon the occurrence of certain events (with a reduction of 5% per event) such as the value of common stock (as calculated
in the note) declining below $0.10 per share; the Company not being Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian -&#160;DWAC eligible; the
Company's common stock not being DTC eligible; or the occurrence of any major default (as described in the note))
 to the average
of the three (3) lowest intra-day trading prices of the Company's common stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding
the applicable conversion. The Company may also elect to make payment of installments in the form of equity on substantially the
same terms
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Typenex Note
 and Typenex's right in certain cases to require a certain
portion of such payment to be paid in cash or stock. Additionally
 20 days after shares issued upon redemption of the note are
eligible to be freely traded by Typenex (as described in the note)
 there is a required true up
 whereby Typenex is required to
be issued additional shares in the event the trading price of the Company's common stock has declined from the time of original
issuance to the date such shares are &#145;free trading' as described in the Typenex Note.






































The Typenex Note contains customary and usual events of
default. In the event of a default
 the Typenex Note may be accelerated by Typenex. The outstanding balance would be
immediately due and payable and we are required to repay Typenex additional amounts (including the value of the amount then
due in common stock
 at the highest intraday trading price of the amount then due under the note) and/or liquidated damages
in addition to the amount owed under the Typenex Note. In addition
 we owe certain fees and liquidated damages to Typenex if
we fail to timely issue shares of common stock under the Typenex Note.







































  2015














































































005
000







































  2022






































The Company has the right to prepay the Typenex Note
under certain circumstances
 subject to payment of a 35% prepayment penalty during the first six months the note is
outstanding and 50% thereafter.






































Typenex is prohibited from owning more than 4.99%
of the Company's outstanding shares
 pursuant to the Typenex Note
 unless the market capitalization of the Company's common stock
is less than $10
000
000
 in which case Typenex is prohibited from owning more than 9.99% of the Company's outstanding shares.







































































































000


000




000









































































 if we repay the Duck Duck Notes more than 90 days after the issuance date thereof
the 5% interest which would have accrued through maturity is required to be paid to Duck Duck at the time of repayment






































The amounts owed under the Duck Duck Notes are convertible into shares
 day after the issuance date thereof at the option of Duck Duck
&#148; list with the DTC
 increasing by 5% if
we are not DWAC eligible
 and increasing by another 5% upon the occurrence of any event of default under the note) to the average
of the two lowest closing prices of our common stock during the 10 consecutive trading days prior to the date of conversion
 provided
that all conversions are subject to a floor of $0.05 per share.






































The Duck Duck Notes provide for standard and customary events of default
such as failing to timely make payments under the Duck Duck Notes when due and the failure of the Company to timely comply with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 reporting requirements.




























































Default interest rate
 textual description
















the lesser of 10% per annum and the highest
rate allowed per law upon an event of default






































The Duck Duck Notes can be repaid by us prior to
the 180th day after the issuance date thereof along with a prepayment penalty of between 105% and 130% of the principal amount
owed thereunder
 plus interest (which as described above requires the total of interest through maturity if repaid more than 90
days after the issuance date). After the 180th day after the issuance date the notes cannot be repaid without the written consent
of Duck Duck.






































At no time may the Duck Duck Notes be converted into shares of our common
stock if such conversion would result in Duck Duck and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding
shares of our common stock.

























Cash consideration paid
 as a component of debt extension costs.




























Amount of debt extension costs (for example
 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).




























Discount
 depicted as a percentage
 at issuance of deb against face valuet.




























Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.




























Interest expense
 as a component of debt extension costs.




























Legal fees
 as a component of debt extension costs.



















































































































Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.




























Description of minimum financial levels (for example
 tangible net worth and working capital) and achievement of certain financial ratios (for example
 working capital ratio and debt service coverage ratio)
 and adherence to certain clauses which generally require or restrict certain actions (for example
 entering into a debt arrangement with equal or greater seniority
 and selling or discontinuing a certain business segment or material subsidiary) to be in compliance with the covenant clauses of the debt agreement. May also include a discussion of the adverse consequences that would result if the entity violates or fails to satisfy the covenants.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.

























































Amount of debt issuance costs (for example
 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).




























Discussion of the facts and amounts pertaining to each failure to comply with an affirmative or negative covenant of a long-term debt instrument
 including violating payment terms or an inability to meet certain minimum financial requirements or achieve or maintain certain financial ratios. The discussion would generally be expected to also include whether or not the failure can and will be overcome and a description of the terms of any waivers
 including the amount of the waiver and the period of time covered by the waiver
 and if reclassification of long-term debt to current has been made in the current balance sheet.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The cash outflow from the repayment of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.






















































































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.



































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

! (  .PC   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
W:S4[C




M%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(*E%DE2BR





$%




!\D


85?.9/
SF
MXK(6(Y'+(M.3UH\F_%8E6
Y7M@4?Q^G3@


MK2;+81U;'\=G]OEEB8#1.M):96:_EVTM[V*&Q2H1
I@


2(B9%_AZ^^M@!]


ML;.]Y$X Z87
@P3*4@2L2T+D!XQ0
*'/N5YK1/X
/6; H0ZF$(X3](N@R^9K


\V^)[WA;&:!DGQGE..Q02 ]0
MB(RVMLZHJ5;K 
ZI68?HF/%'.&ST&ZXF2#-P4YEF_&?UF=%&7;5^[:67=T]&



NO7&K:[^/7\=)R2WEQL&3

M3[E=)%M$2PGQ? N*^4FHT&Y-DXQ#*';$,OXCFV 3+.L( J08:
'(&I[8E)
M50I.N0.&QG5XP7N\W;LZP@0G4(

4.2KO+@95_5-

'!.WI:/S_%L
M4JD]


M;0O&-H&VM!-S:7;;M)F$[4X?A1%8C6QY9)&$?[]'-A#+E@WMDDVZFSP$+.G[


M 



H%N
!M8('_.






E1M'V5;S<HY=8

2S90+!D&&ER0F$JDY?DU($_XKI=K^G--



%.7
M0[@:0KX#;;J=W#HXGIB1N0K34I!OP_GIQ7@:XCG9!+E]F%=MY]C1T?OGP5&P

KD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG
M:9@39ZO*WF6QP54=SU5;\K^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\

KF[.:EZ93%GIO+?+0P)+%N(

E'#^4[YU_T74.N?O;=X_INDSM(3)QY
KC


M97




2N9$NE!)

MZJT3:C49[3[2=*




HS!GE'?MI#B

ZF
EEZT;J_@Y
MJ&=BJ WZOA#EO)9IK+Z;Z@U_U-1CZ1W,I0F_:__6-8DYSC%+,X2QK-*49B;
M[2=/I:;N@[K939J&BQNI_A1NHN]3A:1
W6\





M;



WVA=

MO.0-5

C;$2ARR;A


M252K

H5-NF=AZG.]0V
M#5&HMGU]^ CP^MZ?B)7

M'!I;[=)TK


2'];Q [I_1*6%.,2?AE_5K!S9P;\(\6HKO_;K.+5CXW?:1NF<\[W_*V
MM9&,\ML8]%/3$N?E6_0?;KIF^]

M-N!.M

MC@3J$9)A*FXA'IEF=27%-9+#[IV9/23HGIJEWME&M[*NSRR%
JWO=5HE[S;
MB-@


M3F?TW%NB$%'  ADHD 7TTA
8$+E#]



2!@!^RH ABRHP%Y'H94Q
M]6ZC$5/
W(CIBI:K?.&8(=CV*/0]]@[:%D'.3Q&AE*P6Q&#SH]#;./?%\D 


M'[0M%J8LAUQDJ&AQOJ564WY7_P=02P



M?3B%



MA#KLQZF)


?[/]RS!VS5O(*FO*G\NU:N?K9?G%B6L8
M'P#7 +@%2/UA@+H&*!20+\[FNKZ48[E9]]TEZY?!.)?3F






SJK8CRKA* %$21U)
M[$B23*!

M1DH*28TA*2G]E $KG
&
P/KK&4'9ZM
#)<21H)(P -XO +%



M?([=?PKEX?90A^
XW=IXWR^GY.5A[
YOA_[;?QXV_P%02P


XJC61 +S+A]^P(ZUE'2[HW X?_/
M^0Y$LD'(-]50JH-WSCIU#!NM^P


U)5S(G^?*!/#
83A/?#:7AIM R#/P.RK

(XM &2VUS4#

%


7_5 \L

4H02NK]NG



MO!#KE0

M$/T5P?M$'+X9. 9B%T7OHD#1Q;UKQ:8?J!ZN)







MBS9(CO_?V;GZTW;&L9W9V
Y&C)O*98]
QEG1L+GJTU;&L979V


MT%;G]W;QUK.N?@-02P



MQ_FAZ\X/RV6[._BJ:+_59W\*O[S4355TX6OSNFS/C2_V0U!5+E&I;%D5Q]-\
MO1KN?6_6J_JM*X\G_[V9M6]5533_;7Q97Q[G

M?VJ/]6G6^)?'^1
\;

M\/'NM[XL^Y9YG^OC7[F[ .GUQ^M_SZ4&^P_%ZW?UN4_QWUW&[5?+;W+\5;



M-'FV@L[8G!*C  GV #?D8D/ $BW(ZHP2F40&/0&R3 [C3
@R63L9B?L\
HF

AR1PQ%4_%YP%4WWNHZR^*'=
M(H?C5X9D-J+C PJIAUE&&0HH@WBU$T3:Q05QW*'Y8CM&


Y3X:RQ
WICOFY#92 (;@0UJQIX2#&N&-:E!

F=V_'




MOSWX
+G:[0Q&.]:$\SJKP=#O_0]YLP+60#O'W(9SKJ^M92_ZQ
L

.V VS*ON_^S[4O=E
6;R7Q69+_[
MW\.Q^SWW;XP?S'@#& S@8N#$AP9J

[3#''B.43%
4$P-+C=2I0@EZH


)P.C:)
O98-DU9=







MDZ#]A/@6C*?J0)
@ 224+C!POYWA'J0


KA-DJP19)
C^
M6^):S(^_DK!%3Q68)HZ.)27V.@[JPCM/YUT:W^0KO
@[WL O;AJA+3FA\R\;

MAZ9(L-








M 0  L0

MM

G.\RJ;UT<&*G
VX2FHP3J(A%NH3


\I^%J*
_\'SM?AVU6%VP3?

C\@^PXN\


M^ U02P


M4Z/5P@?3-LQU%D250%HQGF4'IH4TM

MG1POLFE]=+ B9S.NDAJ
DVB(A?I$[S?'\RY&I(!?$@:W.).H_8+X&HVGZD2S

M_S


ML0


MPRD+$3'@IX31KLXD:#\CO@7CJ3K2)$@ !:4+#

#U

\_4-A
MNDV0;1)DD2#[;XE;
=E?2=BJIQI
$T?'DA*'+@[JRKM
YSV/;_(57N2]:.!9




M970Q

M!]




MD1)[DP9UX9VG\Y&G-_D





M
NY(6^^[ V.N;$$+=X




MZH+W4FSV]SF[1*(IYC3&\&7
'
$^YRKZ4X\7_@?!V^756X3?#M)X5?U@EV
MJP2[1+#[;XDK


M&D?.Z

M

VN/;11@'
#K].\+
MV.LXJ=L+



M$&&[P 

M


PK32.G-&'ETW];Q ]!G9S2TE7?@_BZ&@\?%X


=QFBIR+#5=




I
HO8+XFLTOM8GFD4)H*#RD4&$[0I/





.]+.^_[
MF*LZT

MHO8SXG






MLD]

&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#(P+GAM;'U346_;(!#^*X@?4!R2ME'D6$HZ3=O#I*H/VS.Q
MSS8J<![@N/OW QR[;F?M!;CCON^^.XY\0/OJ6@!/WK0R[DA;[[L#8ZYL00MW
MAQV8<%.CU<('TS;,=19$E4!:,9YE#TP+:6B1)]^S+7+LO9(&GBUQO=;_CF#
MPN%(-W1RO
BF]='!BIS-N$IJ
$ZB(1;J(SUM#N==C$@!/R4
;G$F4?L%\34:
L?!O$
U$?,'-@8=&E-&9ZDYW0:@+WFNQV3_D[!J);C'G
M,88O8^8(%MCG%'PMQ9G_ ^?K\.VJPFV;S\H?%PGV*T2[!+![K\EKL7L/R5A




5.9MQE=1@G$1#+-1'







XRO=Z+ANLG


2+J&O'9)7_7D@_-5W@_?C*_MT?UVY_
?3C%!$-(
M,/0$PX<C#H(C(LP0BXR@R @0C (1A!ECD3$4&0.22








GY3_QFJ==E?J(%'Q?^PVG8NV31!-31TX/9%
MC;]@+F'O!2O%3?BB:C!6B1LE08*^3R.381RGG?MTIL4)9:0#0%/1B'-']32

\Y\B]U&3?42 ;$QB






MXLZ;IJ&V



6(]M5U

ONF1;2T+)(
MOF=;%CAX)0T\6^(&K87]=P:%XXGNZ

M?&-_2M4&]1?AX!'5'UG[+HC-**FA$8/R+SC^@+F$0R2L4+FTDFIP'O4-0HD6
M;]
N3=K'Z8;G



-MDVCXTB%@TF#NO(NT_G TYN\AY=%
M+UKX)6PKC2

M\C]02P




AG&:=XIR$*+$\A(OA
0V)


XDS^HY


4P1-RFB)D5$X'!G$L






1 





S*L7UGS-(G$[)+KD57D7;65^@94%77BT4]$9@
M3S0TI^1I=SSG'A$ /P5
9C





M/

SKI0:6BNQ)0:J([W?'$YI
MB(@!OR0

K90 NSU?V
MIUBM5W\6%AY0_9:E:[S8A)(2*M$K]X;#


8TQO!%S&:.8)Y]3L'74ISX?W^#M^N*MQ&^':9?;];
M)TA7=)(D/Y3XMVW$M=B?GQ+PA8]U6#J.#J6%-BW<5 7WGDZ[WE\DZ_P/.M$


O

YX;6QM4\%NY 

XF3H +.






P([HJ$^)4^;


<AA!\+S\7^H.UM)A%%]ZVJ&3=%JH.

M]6U!$S&+WJRA ?/08^@(DXTQ2P23DC%FA6#&B+6/B&$


L%G&

 (.







8N!B$_
M5



LZM
MDB'_F43_


7AR







MU%&



M

9N8_ ^G_.6W@M'UA_^;2-?+77(F5K']76UT:M2@
MF+'C[5^

#)NP%D


M\\-'

*TO7(;O
MO7DS!%G-C+^)'D!Z[Y2

'W!H2


M#@C10BKQKT7S;TI-O%R?U;^8:I7[/1:P8^3GT



9#2;/BS(-;VKY
M*)44;BN)TTKBL)*[!5*G0'I_
S*G0'9'



3.A^9 [& -Y$D!:%9]HE(WBM<E3'W




@H'5ANO9SDZYN




)8X?-/M+'1HJM#ZK*B




M=)0JS1@?^#$& 4LAP[5DJ)8


  .L

X+GAM
M;)5777.B
([=R_1;,';$6\;L0IW;0]DSR+U*^FIN?
MF[D?FAQ$*=;*A
CUY4TL15F:2%KY3Q_T0]
0A^US]'L[7)W^2]Z*I2R?BXW:
MZVQ#W]N(;7XLU9

M3



MHU\D
2QP
ZOA98CA$$74-6  0[F#L(XTC=0QARC7F 








M?8.'^F.ZTRSG4QZD9E,+MIK5H^K$Q +[)K^^PZUKA.ZX7 X7T/ST$D'Z1Z

MH


M*:Z6  GV/K9MY]MAG$G)9-LVD
E 9D

9O
MT3/WR:
=M3M7NJ#?*#]G*]
<A-JZ;V;X:?[MQ




Z&/0&=
?
-95

MLY2O[OC/@:AP$85

MM#:=#38



U.(WF2+O20L_B6JIT.@LC6T?_\B-E 9LE.'#


M\7=1$R*=SY9VXN364O9' $11DQ:+)]:33CVI&&^Q5$-^ :+G!)?&U%( /2\
M+6XZ-TO-WO/4G:5M.G(*W?$M6TQ__M

A2
/O*IB6=


MD )_3)G_D=JX[-_37\QJ5?5G+$C.Z)^FE+4JUG.=DE3X2N4;&WZ0:0FA#BP8

X)K)S

M)B)X.$CK;8LW& 1CZ'UQWA(K)[%PPA4GV1RW
$RB:'5:\JTL\F*$@E4Y8/%%
M]_A?F%^:3KAG)E4EX/YAO&)%&1WI







A%QWJ'0WUTG_W#.=,( _C5P20V<T?G?F'L
M32]^5$?7TRD @5)J!:R&*YR!$VDC/\LFA^6FKB=W]2_F6I5]A<LX
S([ZZ2

F^AV0G!
M0@C^EQ NA' E^)&I=
[
U/452USDG$T.G\]BP/K(_4.HOERI@^9#F3U5F5#1
M:Q'&7HZN6FC!G&9

Y!1:!X-[D;
.$=I/06DEH!

M$%D%(B

F&3C$WSBDUA]$HM/NO-)

RA%.R



MC'24F%S$&!]UMWZ^5H


MBJSZ;V7S\G0_9_/W&S_V+[NFNQ$M%]&EW79?V$.]+P^SRC[?SQ_8W5KQ3M(K


\#'+E)?(=Q(




=&. &^$L:.--(AFF=6#4NK2*\D0
/(5
!%(-
MNWUE
Y@'A@'44@W77%O7#4G=_!BB7$ I/

.P
T!Y:)PSCSB;PSC#P#!#O

*=



MCR)QMY5!-%K-


M$BA]31*H @B#3*#R30)KF@(/NA


6WL'9D9B
M:2 Q@3*'XEQD!/V-8EQD&!?\QY8I%^!MA4'A783&7A#!+ Q(F  R'5A YC

M8Z7\.IBWZ=%](YDBG51&.;I'!?9L8&_]M=]Q%W&F4BA3N7



M56OO_? D06


9 F+ $#
M9[[O($T)TG ) E@D#I)  W^Y-NF8)(4


M;!1-YS..PXBXQ7^LFR-]LJUA (FX2(
HGJ8B./VP*SS6S9'@#0R' )*[!D;1

M1V6:2]T6PUDY=!3OKD?_[?\C_P]02P



M^+NR_-F^^?/A:IJT:R@VQ7W33I'O?[P5-\5FT\ZTC_Q//^G_
=N!IZ\_9E]U



M=H#K![CC@


AYJOH%')4+.*


5D



KXN&B;:4!
?.B&)G!;B



M1$[:.B;:CGT)'*N1LFVE -CU*!L!=
US#

M4Q7+MF)^'#?2.2%?+-LQ9LP4?7$]NES/;LBE8*O,A1+UHV$\(1F?9%SP


MGQV6;A)E4M8QS!Y@CII?$F5B^%OXW187F4W2#*!-OPS+*G)CNXGJ\^+LYG

;Z/U!+

MJR]%D57_KW5NKH\+MGAK^'HZ')NNP5\M_9O=[E3HLCZ9TJOT_G'QQ!Y2I3I)





V4/8OLQMU]B_N_Y9.]AU


/

MCEGFB&5GS^:*:
8PRQQAZKPA=VV.&%%S K
L$







MXA!NSJ)^
'#
[MS'#


4)[Y% 21GR=I





M!TD%.

M^ER8+P&#UNOV_X'





MUL=5Z7

]E'








M+GAM;(U638^;

M;+/='()MWLQ[
P
SE!?&7\614AF\=VTO5N%1RM-C%(GZ2#LB'MB)]NK.GO&.



M12;4Z5N5Q+B
WK2C$;

&B&@1
B4MXGN2C6/''-T3;%Q$O


M)%XMB:
%HLP2


M:$-_




 0Q 8[[O@18.M:

J
47L$L83=
()D1!0A0@
M%%N$J O$(H0H@X$B$@@!(+J+=A$R!
HC34AY6Z:XCBA+B&.\@0LP?#!^X
MY

M*&%I&

/10FTP+& 
=BN#78%C- B&Q@# DXF0D!RQ(#LG3^

W@




BYX;6R-EDUOHS 0AO\*XKX%VYB/


6*0)P9XB,,3S^)\0R$&@ AE2T0)2!1<D/1DED@3&@&$




M[% HO:TX-\J



?XF2D*D]U[31JS]4LIV!8 XE*3&8L%:TJB5$^



M\I5UWTB_AU@'/# JS+]WN C)ZAO%]VK\;MNJ
6UG5S+8T]P$U!/00 BB#PEA


9@


)GUV)YE3(KN72.%
(GM68NF46#HD


[/#)55/:-[L .#(NY+:[NG@W+ACS+8#





M-KUKQVD%T]D6-J#9@!8#3/]KP+



O#5G70W#N
MGZFUN=)]H^:\R!,'H!'DR^2K




^OZM]M


A7 C!UX1H)D0W0FPKG9S9NKX11?)
\!&)Z5_TQ/SR8!_I





MW:JH
49CHGN17*

MUGN6YN7Y8E=5^S/;+I]W
HO+3VHO\_K



0:;RN6I2
MQ/7/F[R4:=IDJBO_U4D_:C:!P^T^^W5[N?7PG^)27JKT=[*I=O5HG86UD=OX

'

#FIYWG7-F
MAQR;_=%M=$^'].V&V?V&ON$PN^/0MQQF]QSZIL/LKD/?=IC==^@;#X/.!Z=#


M
#I]US'^8*R!Z_MT&8\NXQ%EC

I7?F3B3=$=#
E!'@&
M=#N%




@6=T*TXPU-+<4(V\DYT8




M5;+.Z7RJE\9.QIOC3BJW5;
9U-M%]X6IVZG4OO]@=OQJM_H/4$L#!!0    (

M;)56VVZC


\HVH_U0[==1J


M2;WZ6B9A6@2OAFC K'L


M?
PKY(:2#*!ILCFE
3BFVB XB*





C]^(-)







M0!



U!#*:L39(@_Y
MT(
&$=_]E/LQP14YRQ^OXX9])V*A@5HD
KB3'FB!*02&<M418KE<697#H\I,<<42$Q:(#
M2H=R1.(
9Q7EAU!I! X;TM?5OHZPF%+!



MLD ]40@/%


0(R
@; ^5)P.Q@&=#CQ=4X$0/U00?PQ @5T5!T+\4$'\




\GA7.I*@R*8_$^)GP.E2
M

M:0\:U$











:KI#;YZ=NW
M%Y?ZQ].?3O79NZOW)RW#G


M0Q(7K;

MO
3?W?AG^6H=9[4'9;3WV]ME.H
SS^--VY+SU0H@]'J3SSY&^OH^+I)2O]MN







MHSXP?+R_;F\0C:;=:#R8F


*_3+ 8H0.*<
ME^DS(DYXU?:2=S]6N_*]'F]F/8V/YNTL[OKF].;\[?DEG-[U_K=^_.KTYN+


MD@%DUI=R#2(:CH3/K.+B8[)IN)?OX664;NG0YJLT(Y$9D;-Y9[E=X&[V*;_6
M5A_\6OWQ#1X


MP/047FS2&'.H4[C_[@MA0F= MB7 YT#[F^.3CX%C^3)+@M8=MPQ0[PXO8I

;]9T1-\(7;;9EF2?U@#?K &)NE
&D-!#_+?01&)X;7-3^4XMSOSTF 5<'<$R)W2^.^8 R3+'/8



MPVO#6WL9+U'ZPZOPC1*#YUZP9I?G7L0=TPQP+S


B.2?Z,M?Q@]'@S !<)]D_!^4F0L<S


MO_?Y






M3SH


9M;U9TUF(
AVG^C:7=


UBFXD^AD^F;7(E
MF9Q 1\%C5LB?KKN;2EK0X,I$0%CP+#0D6?8%^/R1+F7G&H 6&NMR5OQ;B-



%Z37P;O?

DPK8!


MN[RP8$1OKN+-!AF)%;?
BF.4/@QY
$P


M(57@^^?YEDD\-T3..I8JG#=@?HJ2S8EP2G)&X6Z!45M1?0V!^Z+@MF)?@]4
M!CH1LGP0EN)05D10&9[??W#E7X#@CS@OCXU.F;$WR.I=UMF6F_54&39(&XG
M!5&*65J P(3B!%N8MK=_A

MI2@9WP$.%1D'



M?D
TX#VJ2

S]5.F 4

MN_%(X@E&:41@ITXY2Q&53D@ZS7(BU03 N('B


[RF1CFBF0]%PR[!)[6O @M')'W#U-0XNFH4338,DY?K*,:YF

FBAH.0ES 
*JZW!I&DA7C3#^]P]\Q@LI*#YDFX$SZ!1
M2Y_G) (4R6*)

Z9A$*/[
M(NTYB%B(5?#-:XR&^(F@[BVQZK(F3<7SG*07D*9@V7GJ$1GJ4%C%T\!1Z87


Q5#.#XAFPF1Q6PFW]L8PD007^NWA&I AE.J&(
MWV



&-5=9:X
MCI+NHH]L%SUF
'HH&M_1_(#$K+@=PK$(D\Q$!VC*
U!F'A :SP.RTZKDLS6
M'&Q)S[]4R7*CR9Z$2;4'PR+9_.X
PEP!7F(?]MX+[5U\83KBZRV0G-]3+]




.]$4




M_45A3
@GO@X8R



_&D2HUZ?7+S__]:CYJ3
\P?*<</R?R.
MQ&)O,-)3W.6[95UX$'=A(8[,6^J]\^R#BH( BGM YE0S7\H];M'$Q_M&^$\



L80-YB
TG_
MA?ZP8PB%G''G
 BC]CPHL5R\+ XPV/N#N8\KX*[*A4
VKEXD^B)VO9QSJ@:
M1H,B@1&TPYOBY87 P/XOT1J:L4A1V H/Z*L6.P_[F9,RX0]DPC:&RH3^=D8
M-53SPHSS)66-:0^C1KS-VTV[;.E@S4;?(=S4



\2) @








&QA-])$^[';80'V$=M5H

B
M
PRU:.8VK@R(&?;^UXGL*;@5H[\;L2N)B)& 4'UYR
M8L7=79P8,S%&H5[EMS#OL0X:WLG&&K-47^DKG.A.MCKR_S6 (( BCU&4*R/


ASCJ*IIU

Y6U=1
MI)A.F:HM02[XH)%P=AX:YK[$GAENY4MRGW!VI3W4 WVZ1:K#IO1=!EF9-3

;P/AXG7WH7''I!ORHI/6EB7'[/CGYU'0Y '0QVZQ
MVQ@C:\FD.&Z U79KR@NAC&F5UB]XV#T*K/95:3RK$TMH\^F
2&F)
;W/)0

;OIU7*PTR6_^
M:E!%33=D%P(N\9#FVW)9V0W!G'^M 7E8X+!+

MO'?9[.Z4;9#%[[!?V0HNF7/?$/RK :#.1]F7KVZ-VQXOX=?OY/TXJKU,B
MM
*4&N
O;H&(@V$/Z\B


$

MHQ-;3)50!UB'$*7:






C=NAUF\7F]GLS3+(]@ZQE_@$(^X8J O2;PQC(;  K7.6+F_9O?Y


E


M*06)$%*[O0JEHL L*;ON%*2X
 E3-J9


MK_!J IK=D[U!U._WD08K&XO8&



0]L&U



WTM^#Q+)^MCC?4'_^C^ITJ



MVC/=0308=G1W$DTG(PN

Y\GZ#5T
MY=


MJ4P.OUE+;7?K::L;AP9%XSH/4G:1C9W=HP 79U'%
9E2+4/K0PSY6F]H=0*3
M58%6[[ \ /HO%=?-Q13'Z3@:&SCJ@Y0YF.B^26TF#XC




E5^!)\9V[ .*JP



MQ%J1KZ0;34Y99VR ^2HF53_D O3XI6=5+\PU+K4]TD\7]_GF1B.8:3X8U+4
MZX\H,NU2#JDQL(I8CD8,5@-^^84#;K$FM3!8%P1!&BG_SN2LZL\WY2/3.R^
M3


MI.0;7%8L=5%N\VQ;FCJHQ-B+)%W=HJ0H^:XW]_6L#+%_VKR%@RX(NOWIU/:T


ZT+
M-97(@/

ZA

VLE.WHC0S9KJKZSR;%[&^
MR9


-

MK2RJ.K



E77
M7Z6<2N&Y=Y0%R#8G@PJR/6YZ9GP+#$Z!B8[V]8KK< #R%=(6B(;?&]N(9:@

8CHOP
;34^DI*O+#U2.%





MF:._#

M9
Z+\Q#ADFCU6//@&-D)VL%1T [&;VUGXO1AS&CB5_'^2S$^D3^Y*^[@J5


M



M/=7D06^T8

MB5K9F/K_+FXD8]-VG#9'*FA%8@


2#-6EQZ1TXA87FQ



M6:K$2;$5FQ/]



M



=R@V(!K#F-W$XT:/

;#ONIU4R%95*B-Z!;5ZHX_6F\'&K<6A_*FS9Y(B/+
E8;

Q\W_^LVHZ#1\D
M3H+@%=



H%$TX3)2!PQ)N*]^&W81K3-4C0C7!4UG!
M
Q
AD5BO)Q

)EB7)LS61=

X'

]]Z=#2]0=
_LSF\^8%^E)ZE::#'9FU$F$8KG



M.5G(B.Y6
!(;)R6.GHR'GK 
ISX:4E@1:A4NK

.

MU
P;%OSF' E7)'GV'65

M.!K)P136.=*]84


R2#/-H?B7MS\V




M4S--;6.M.^[A5\R04A6#A6F
Y;D:PSPSFW_F:6J[08V3O#F]KU_&Y3+RT(




M

K=!D7_(6M'VZ4
ML!@#T:@@_Q(X0?*QW$M95\\KZ[JNK.]4:?90V965A]Q(7ZX_PIQ!*I!<:^O

Z0_?L86UMLI?IC2^T4B;KA
M[B1.RF(F%PR 97.XM6E E3W@JL;[LUVGG 7'R.H2M\ALUYLMIR(^ K2 ?94
M(UNTU\0]W#$K2MAI=H)J^9DC_HL$TU628^\PW@4$H %6L;C230==IO[$%&%

M+=8- Y \&ZG33RAH^_+B-M@/'M;7L/4B35




*


M

M!-JB (91UFDO#;!11QH!#K?4)M @KUP5.%0#




L?MIZ:4ZC(


MM3[_EP\7-W^H/G+.J5+/]%6:8EZ;-]KG/U\K'B_
R/A!A-ZJZ8PRC[#+Q9)Q
M)




LM\_F
M:6ZWE[&9S1E278GAR


BT2E$3VSJMH20V=A

M(+T
J_X([L]FZ7K'9DQB9;4$C[EIMZN
M&04*']*00NRD+FB]9Q-C_&1&CU@L)FO$DWMK<<):YR;;*/\G'^+3D;
&\:I










1&TU@BSBWS*^8?)F:KHR*


MVO=Q09&3K(%PP T%H^S3A%%_6BU?E.MXEOS3[]:2M/L[L1%W];$VD^H;)U^S



C 8V\Y3C6<H3$ 0B\
M0)!.S68)/FY1I4INX=AZ
/^XI_OCJ#







Z9.12^@.;+[6QC8LW


 D10$$)2Q+]



[4DFO9%Z8D9-)HAI3MJQQY,_)U0ZW\626?K=70S

M(!?.FV$X-BLK'Y-
$BK])4J&?[PU^@UQ'^4LQ*E)!C:G(I@98: M9O2A8(0N

6!UH5BQA;?F
&;2T26
MA30-I2](LD K_ S@D\0L:_BJ+M[68+/^2+[(N6UYY

P1C\#-%#7IJO #J\ M:W
M7$TDX7CH H8F86F!9(2:W=Q2$B8 4TSAXYLB0;%)1L *+!EE2K[C<EYQ Z$
MIGHV@A;_F\
Y_7$[O^/T3-NY]HF0&'_!)1OL2$J04CUFFBO36=.S!!H-!:F
M$3L-@]@6&VAAF2;OK!'+T/VN[RE?STAJ_@$A&GY9!LFRPWRW  2;7#&U66;
M 
)Z3?UME-QPR:

Q

M.9&*6=N8-RI B8O&]5NKV]K*



RYQ^28OU2D04.S:BN(7!JG 9;XR
M7O?#


.J78CTYG]VFR0$?F;$ND
M\ITG+!F_^)%4A&),VV;&^8I9W4!4?XZ?8/QKH 8DX



M/N&'Z!MU28-['=Z-)TOQ(K@9&!V(*#:BARJ421F.D3*_0EH618)4DWP^*F

9I-0U
*/KD^3
T8O\QG=$W#/P;C?T3?)'RG9
M!E[81(#8&5W56;[


M



)WN




M9TJY2NU6R8PEN6[C-JFDZ6C
H1GX 0[.='0+*O%X5&]#O2&1Y'380?[]#G_
M^F[^0D!(5A90$INX36]X/!@/AOI-B
#RXFTL!O5Q&[DP)]C-_UH
!KY[(;.



;#E)<42 7ZL5-4A
1$
=


MN$K+CZQ@?\B
HH^


D4GHNC:0-46 .VR!72DMHS0[=)=(I)


MI_.&F$AG]]7G#WLEQ \I(;XZ+H8U2M*7K7^6J J=I@#894*FODH%@!^O?SS1


UX:F7!]MP@QS71IV66DNK'9F[



8.5_

P^#;TX'*MR
M#M5SXUJH28'YB9A[
XLS2D43F8W




0AR$C

2!)ZF;$UG)T05+6SX )MT;=AIS>1U/$R[B




M_%)W*JS

MN)2J?.TE&W_%JGSZF:I\RM3B^RTK\^D=E?G4WZ

M


M(/)
^P/NH



SZ/]K]7N2WT!
MH?DMVGV=-


MRH;.4TU4Y-?L0J6^J'WT[G7M*;QV_%KWNVIZLA4/Z:&DH#24(M(CO0*-.G55

@U

M[JEP$*=.!JF&)


4)16W
3$6.BV
M(.05PC*IG0:+Q

MG'.R\R=KKPYP.)6KWXQ
0++:J-0KY0PTC-.0P69S(!
B09QH*JJ*G[B]0 6(




N
IR6Y)&% WE.U)1+&\W-9&0[JODWN

M%ZPV%!JMHR!6W274WSZH:Y?-@XHI;35

M
YEVQ1G0R1*3SK'



'LKFQ]O2*!WF6OW8

$_

1=(
)QZ'#^4KU%!FSO[%

MQ\:+5!/;5#Y#PJ

M86$



-;/8B.7
@
Y9DO%
M?2A/7R[S\U^PM/1&7^B+3;+2O1

MBXU=A8MX3@5Z/3\8NRK1Y

72
R1R(C4





KY#?9=UEU

^

M(6Q#EDC#P-71&2D^H[YW1CC-G-C*%Y&V&DN/#S7T@MV5::;K8@#++R2,0CA
M=&F*NE(D6F3@WY32]/R+3&[IY)1O.3[1[\0J#0#M%25$5:K8,@=1(80H[
9

E&FID*T249N



M$U1

H&3XP9+U!19]89X$]

1

2JIE-#%:K[- J


$_[^!+0[MNWP JP!R\5&[H$
MXHN8GL#980

M+\K'(J#5 =26+B?KY=7+*M WG]Q^3P%+PW(I_F\V X]# 2VDQ*6R!9U\CYSW

M3C_J8L.IX1!N;*3@)B;8(! 7VI]THQXL^97_@NDCP
W3QJ-H

WQ


M$8L\MQ0JM\=I=BRN0 I:-8JQ?LC1XT.JE:WK=+M

M\8%Y3RG)XO%-E/]@8@+P7





M%:JUTX)EEJCV-&$MQ%
K =6

DM6N_
);K%_I?



$C6+*LVS5C$W2-MOUP+$#L/^YF3
I%(
MY'PQ)O0JZ_G9V(A4\\*
'S1@L36DHFH@S%E#OXO=MO5[9B4($W-:;F#P4I4(



KJM5^8+93Q_YDKD+L0(
M1YH/3LHKV4UCK5?L@L
1E_IM/D^64NC$UZ3KL 9Z;[Q*R













MQVO]_P=$3WM=XCWVR7B.%J&2XA8?$DZA ^%Z
.R G!9-)R-[8(#_W3&^S=_7




+$R45
MKS0)*GW


M^.TWU9D[JZ7E;!#&12#LZ


UN
M\$G:U#_H@_MN-K\I


_2:IU]5RJ]/X

MZ/Y


MKP^C7-=.%FJF#62MNK:U8=#).^U.?K#34X=:O#%Z!N;2 &P$9@9Y0^ESOP.\
MEO]3LGBOAH1-HZ_\'B3U:L

.$NNOU^PL20

WVQ3]BO*-%)\):MT(&-8$/H434T(Y+E
 /?M2+OVUX[JOK@ (W4$6]S99H-\!4'#0\-G;S:E% CQ-,%3,IK.7V
M75)&PK=VO.C'4:O^3=_@#]81-'B-_8R8RBPD/1/BU:JK9;KU20.=A8M$.(*

1Q3JST'P X#OS[^D\&+U);;Y5ZFV^WNV%/
M/VM!O1V?.!5^2_0;\((7Y *VC.%WHAW_CQOE2U1C(H%[Z($P0
QBH% X./

MCGGV9:[5E






M$29

MYDT6GF 9WRR?M@;CW[+WP+9P
=.6Y ;]''R'B]D3$L%:-N) \=UNM5Y'#AN2
:#-R
MG_ D@SA, <UA,61 X?HY]FWYY$NLJ-.]Y9*^!6!@E<AF:IOCVC O%:&1.^'




0MI'IC?D9-L!AL;-+R)
MPPUEF6Z20BM



A.18PFZX:/W+D#\3(
MTWBA/.^U!_HXSX?$%93\

.$;@$IAH2Z!F@$;;XTA
MHOI?JAP

MGFIB=')W




UI[E5CFGLOKQ)#

M+F*)334GB@4N(^
SP@16Q5CV=D:*P_0#&DZ0[^$L
R\5K/GD8FK/N+0FYU

<GH'
MNL*8[T='A&3$8


M!NEI1#$%TK


1+;Q+5


$BN8@C8;):-


;&%&HT9S9D6LWN%<;
M'P9/\S3*I@J537-HB$!3M
-ZG3

MF0N+-S\X/J266

M4W=MC#==I9:%O*?9PN94HS$) /%;62%8OO!SSS+&_\'[AFD$N(3;OU^(O?J.

98+UM[MV5N

MO
;NZ@%W:).2@P7WX:P<E6[\:Q(G
VU\(3;

U6
M$PF$AD2I:;Q:]'-ADM2$35;N66B0=7:SN_%D



1&%


-%YU$.<0(T=K2A'(3(66IS0P0M0F?C'?]'?%/[M

MKG.=2W\;K!=@'V(B[)+VATTV300!]6JI;O3N.PCFVK=43BQIDRGBT25%GZ*U


MR0B=Q

MN-5SE
[US1%G*WE4/AMX$/@A892-2%K,6HE906+N%B-OP7O2YSL.10@O
&




[=




;FW-OJB BMJFKL=XHQ[IB



M[UP='3R'5%SC:\?68)$?$QJ6UYX6E&X6=%X9QX.[^LI7Q*['\^O5';PC LZD

SDY'E2



UPRS<ZYEG2C1O^IN6XF-)
MP9!T

ML&YT]B#E/6E'





WM4@E =CPSD

\T0)R7U!CHM/:T3-\1H9RBUAPCBN







@R%#R.:H[G0Z_*URG&[4


:^W#
M;/IE^14=A1)(4/.F/=G'XZ.+WX89,=_^W1R^??U4#S2K#-K]0*:TU:$T#.



MA(H*)TDYB5D.HF1DIITU9PHXK.L_LKOF(R#X(*=4+PC8L-&'T^[/VBT/&_U5
M]F

MS:9%B@J*K2? %T8?J
ES
L4%6WYQ@0UJ5?N%75E
-^(X''PW#J:DYY3!=V+V
MLV;;A4!U#
@ESQ:28:[@+EDA!%H
;LPG@@I/2_ E$DQ)S%[4J/M*TIB0G2E0

(VZGH$H

ML1!%S8T:9Q17?V2=HGVTR-XRO=9F+&.FC09K]!F[T&\TFWF=0Z]-Q^UG$

M BA.G P0RBT@$1%:/ AP@K?V9]WE+0)P#J!818O&#V-]I62#Y1PPJY.J[W^L

M^

MUCUO(5Q24)-U
].O=









M1=M3

M3%06-YI@]ITF2.1[?&O9LY.;4KYLE48.

M&PF02?!E=.]W8X)$X\IC]MF%AIJM!*XI3R-S:^I4'










! (  .PC







   -                8X0  !X
M;]S='EL97

M         ( !&A


M965T





(9)X!
F2%KY7E:@ 0  L0,  !D
M     ( !134  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q,2YX;6Q02P$% 
4



3


  !D              ( !R3H  'AL





M2%/EDL.@ 0  L0

O



YX;6Q0
M2P$% 


MDP(  /

M



RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !7
MAZ9(222W8*

4     !7AZ9(Q_1^!:,!  Q




*
MBSVD 0  L0



M% 

S0N





Y+GAM;%!+
F2)Y@ZU?]
M 0  )08  !D              ( !/G


M







RYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     !7AZ9(?'1P28P!   ^ P  &0              @ '5









!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001580695-16-000407-xbrl.zip




M=W!TZ0S=+]IW8\P^:[\RAWE&X'I?M#\
.\1OW O+9IYVYHXG-@L8_
!G^JRU


9]?[X1\/W&+#W;FA


MO/;I_WR[NAN
V-@XLAP_




_D:LF+T#OQC;#E_

\+[\SO?

K1
MY!%D+(%KB8SRW^\^P5D@=YLMMJ]SM\^I5^.I_N4.9^8;0+[Y)H94!!O!K_$
MXBF$+^DQT^

MY
7RW_V@NWSFCYVZ=
=/3--;6C8-X9E7CIGQL0*#/M-T<!<'+PQ^5_1P_[2PR[T0D4/^TL/


!S

M8XN$\2HEQC]NWP!A_..VDAAE)49%&)7$R+8QKMX 89Q=51*CM(U1$48E
52)

MC
+K#H3*;ID-:#9O8(NF]Y[A^







M#


O

M+7(I4;X%YF
 KLDCA^?1PZ 67 FVBTYZBN8L^%!=
MD9W9F(.)#C3G+KN7R8



RKFR NN1Z .S5$
U

MO LW
-(@AC9AT8\JG



MA








8 _?Q;K7Y+KO;EXDI
V?
MK1JMMT..KY


MV

K 'SKZ[.
M#H.PKRR'70_//%AE<&$,+-M*=)0HB(7*BLB1JV%NEI'S;JDKBO7</P;8VH

XK[S
MD;X'%-Y?@L+U#5DLV3FHU;%ICX]-6RX8W0;:BT
4X;.B\-43P6&01
[Y)X['





MIJBFK!7OE&S$[I0C&[&-&R8;'>BY*
=D0[M3EFQH



DYT
!FX(&+AE V8]'4[DIUP7


;NZG-JQAZ.R8EZM%;.+)JR5%?/*K9@]
M(II**;T&I;0_!%.9O:_[-T?@KEP0Z^BF/D4$^/HP$FFV$FI(IE70C+;.OI



MZYOQE^N=V8:O9M;D[\\.B5@0V$:)N
&;D
PEXHI$=TP(C62GF&T0PH4U#*9W

M N6;6PB43QVR*H%18R#./I5A%P1\BL[D,:%Q+-1Y^5B[QSRY^XOF%37Q3^


MN'5'AL


5-;X.;YFQ^Q4JE6:GBHK?)16^+@817

MZ0P.@UF0.ZZ')YZ'7HA4G




M#(EUMZ
HVXJB5/
;

2L0-9?R45@Q9
5

MC14CODU&K'AP?TZ.E49\PXRXQQIQ/\^
F^;&BA'?)B-6/+@_?IM*([YA1MQ7


6\

M]8/KX:^N:_KW;F#8A\%G
ZL^G6;QVEP4K9?L



MTC[D0#B[4SL











9MY _)65%+)HW1S(KKRW-4S/:9?%<



1)2SG+GCDTAG8(9Y&












GVL&B\+;+&/9
/MB 
+]W++#(.7?+ I:



R]'M*KRM79
MRLC.=2RWV_562[V;60ZBS:UK_L[DKJL.C]=[C76OT[1#;$H[
[9N+DE/9N
M+
F91WJ[WNCW$D?VS



MS$O87R8D9O/X62UBIQSZ?F4.D)F-9RUS;#F63]GR3^MD.KW=;X&M&0.T8
XU
M@%B6Z !EW89JW90$

\M28)3%C5YO-9HM-1]J
1SH

MJU-HZBOCP?6 BL7E]AKWH8GW@6I26O94RP-4%BVM%IQFU93'8@#=
=L&JH'G


*56RIUK+W=^FW%%--K-3B(0











\J8JKCYBUEW/












&FC\!/AI: \.VI[!)0!NP_


ED/D6U



:PJI&/K&;C29]+A &PF)0@.4#[3?#0UOJC5U
.6[&

_6!!QB&:&
M6

MIU
*RI@
*S(SHG 
,'TI@3AP!S@7.T:.+L-![:%*:+&!P'?
MY(/S
1B(@)\Q7ZW[X+LV_
Q/SQZ:@NQE@*8H'C]#
%CAU(:Q;# _O12-90IC
M58Y P^&1T\.S&)RBCK4+.E3 #N.C_&_%2IWPP!%^XH(?^*'5]7V4$P (/[Y/




@U!O.X$0Y=/%XX7]^


M/L)G[=2&(30=  --:IE96Q*8$EWQ*+B@(Q_(A^_'%TW@*AH71IPS5@HT@!UP
MZ_S\KO$N=P)U#['C/?-@^076DK+8BM)04MNH_B_\SM

M#&QQ(E&67&W%

MQ^VV@#JR@G(1(
;-&+8XU22'TK


V&7E]=I&#/-


06S+IVK5_O'*Z*
MD( W-F[4-=9%+G@9AW'Y-EO=X;K:! J=]+JU7C/?A9V)[NVQZD'COMG3:XTY


$

19-DN'J4).AB888;C.[S


^WIXY3J/%+G
XY7W.0KO

_#$:&
M\\AX9JGEP4$$N^(




2$!&I.*:6$8ZKT C%97)BG%%!0#/(FYDZ9QG.



$;=[3W&J.M#&3;D\P

J'
JE5Z082O\:Q9I[F!@

YQL3^0B\37CM9R[6L?3_HRPB@.I8R1 7B2NX
M^@D0
J

D\PY$%^XL0'/BY%XJ\4ZT6
V2'FL1V 
Y#8\;%(C&3/9_ED6JCOUE2VYA4S2$X-!J ZM)@)4T+
$L7O




C31DVGQ'7R8$DW

MJ?;#YX_GEJM'R)6CB$!7X)'U-A7C\&1/FB Z9%/BN$BR!5K'32#$KW 7P$4)
MG'D8#
<Z\%'D-O,W]UE0WD&-EY $*M<<O
Y7A7A/KDT


MA%4NG#0XJXW5&[C'EPXX2) /C)1:Y/(4TTIN2I1F 

M.1

M!




\]
. XAZ[=AN@@

7E?QB


218QFH
M':$'\)M!$K5*P'Q)2D!_7"9SR3W\9(NM94FA;RD=L,Y)0?+G8W-E^!C@4




M@901/+YA
UXA$!L


M[
$+3
-6 96(B5'%/15F2*4:)0R^O-170@
380$\:NU@?S
AZYP+WWZ#X5
M:(^P







M0YL!J B18NKM4)P-2I7:SC)[B)9HY&YC$WI/RX7@ZB\&0
ZB)/&1QO!!DC



%[IWU:
M?H*%I?YYB?*9%KI9X\^<DS!$*\16I-'S(N'D'G&SXL%A]B9@Z2*(:A5N,D#0
M9O;HX.8.^<W);$'HW=L;:ZZHC(C+JE:L'IDT238HCGM\S




 EO$YY3DLGT)7N3

NKUD@-@7M_X63^:WK!OXS

MSN.E0]EXW#-= &J]W]LEDB]]VW#PYA5C_HN VZKW-@WNG&O*4\]X
DRW+)([

S&Z3K8PONU


MA:W
N$JKM4:OUJ@7;[6V!/IV)!'60&KHFER.RJK8=CY@N]VO=3HE._EM)+9]




M
M[UM-/(;1L,VL-C&O:L^\E5VSI)2U\!0';O

M2^^4@SG=9/G&F&ZS676CWFXVU*2+(GL_85^U3KG6Y;KS=6@SU'8/GG41WO
M?8DE2+=(D T2Y



M;$*;:ICY
J5MM\P



M$&(-O86Q:(.G
(^YN(C+8+%&K=_LU7J]CBC+/0 ):$6-4Q)X296%I3.I+^IW
MQH-2V6#+


(^)\+W=#L#BU6AH:3ZY'&FR,QFY
M);'E=OOCJEI$O_W7ZXG^#!0#-0:[=!YQG/85S%&Y;L/AR0H8*TB !0I

9V

 +N\5$LW/=SEN^N?(
NY4*Q;)8R6JX!2!96+G4


(SEJ$G&X9WVXG--L89/[)@M&\
-\FA%MF/W R\NCKC

S@.

6UPH]_

/6*2
MTB(]\EU$!T7#
I

MJGR$=B#=
YL)A1!HU:D#KF=1V%I[%/H+2H9$P-N)D5*KG R(I@+THR!3:3P 4F5

'$]'+5*A$

-6-JHY#O==DVO-VC_

M]%+V 65K$52M9J=?[U8(*RRT&LU.LZ
W*HP5EV#ZIB38QE FVKK3H/ZEP]N^

M]:W!'X8=

^-L?'(_#L7
M72=$MCG;V3UJ\.WDGWM14RAU@%


MEEQ(K\A^JG E'%5S'_\&/XSLJ=R4+2U(YPLJ#=Z

M.WNF7XKF%\U/RIFQ#XO
O$EPH^

#=&.1


M-:NUF=.UFTM?ZRM]E:*DS_P*9+)H8+)*5=88&ZQD'2?XMI4$W[N3JZ_:]85V


MDTU
K*0
(DJHD/;I[2EA+50PB6F$-0SK\4-T2LL_  @/I;

MNX'_I+BIB3&=28J0 [P'K8GAEC(6LQ8-33A_WQ _1SG!/'YMP4_[;L,6E'


 5QZ*&J P$'&W@A)HA&KDNB5X;!DN@(
MC@7OJ'\R.)B'9+WOZ!)&-8JR'24P#T9#O'$FOA(8*A0VF&&.LJP_5B5$2R
M13!:8^86HBQ?_*/%SD3X[=$0@


M-EH8[(7'1I3Q)?S@


MIM%VX?\&G8)P;ZP(XI?0BCP/]DU%VLK*_!C+Q$2TN









-V$O9%?KWP+M;
P4R(AC:&YI
M11O2\AG4UMC6BC:AR;+6LR4YT&BM36VUEH?8QSM'W'@_-Z:TK_@^X'-_)3&;



MT?S.\P4CKU$3IO#\9

!(CB&LD(-EZA]
#[R\G6.#/;A@4_PIMZD4O-144
J_/Q@
MV+B?5)XYA

@

M(!PJX

M-JXT%OBQ!




M4S7S@-HO(6210K6IKC#6(\XFCL5B06:3I DICZWA \'H1-KD%_5EIX55A.
MNC T6U%QL)+XY(S$0TG[)A8$\LP8O8BJD,K_:30:K%DPJERKRP

Q+
MA9U%EX_G$3:#4;0T25F'9%_H^R+&]M'P3DF2%O+?LQ2-_!V,HOE-TLFW8!
M-QQ:V$B+*E6+@/
(M?ZG1ZISLTLUWT&O5*SFT4
EU?R5:SBR'Z6^;KV^X$!F
MX]RQX.%\PG

1GY51N\1Y F,Y1<*2CX:FB'HRTT#_1-BOT:O4
M[4F</2*BG3=!+%K( 8G;@H %#X)$G K9@K B2-A8RA32BP8?6SQ8XYP*O#J
M]!DF;WRX#]Q'1JD/%DP;=]RH]51' D(:@R97H_AG3U2%H=7\4.L ][C/:;P
M0E%)A9OG^AGYH205,5'NF2ER$.?D_\&)1 \SL@7Z,V(P4N(R2PI/+G'C#2N



OLC=/2]@M)+B
M$R8.[\81=U^Q
+'9893N=*RMDQ3.#
^;8A&LK86ES;O?3T*S9LB7#D]KM.=%




PB

M(Q(10L
DYLB!
59._(ZVGKR5C/114@?-!.G





)I FN&4RL:=T
ME1LS%\R/&N!#TM#G

M01ZI
3\(H4SC2(T(8A Q08]\Y$+-X-


MAQ#%3 (#&   ^PE_5 9*WF_QF/+H^#9K2



:AY=.49YPGS3CT3+Q8?M!4+OV!
M




@*1%

D


MF#


=

R-5C-18T]\MG6Y@$YFMGDM=+'3&[RH]4A6
M#FK6U1Z7G4IP/0HJ#+!W'E&'6XZX=G+!U./=-( O1\Q\)
D0]Q+)W@4M@PRS




M 7CF12Y
-RE:SJQ<YH0

M)C[[K


YP0VSTV15K^J]Z0UP#C?A+-R9-A
MV=3X
(M(;CQWP)CIOVK$OP88]Y



M]G%KLI9C':^F'$$DRBIKHJZR)@LK\R[8_ZO8ELJSRT^[8((T#)LX$[XOAX=Z



MR5UO5;O^YG:]A5XHQO?JXS8M[#-OX7.JXL4^$25*.*O#JC&Q@:74'Z3WJ]



M'%C!L7O1TDEI#$V5M?QP#'-;_V&^6L)3%BCO?
'BD XV:HS+
8XCC/'2X0_4
M78XWEL)*A%/ -Q5*%

MUE^

\ZAI4 XY%L0(0T:

X



*6]]!H2\\];Q]+!;D#QN:$H\UL8XE-K[6)[TZA_
MR^NHAY.M'9S?ON6UF;YI_'
-BI81MG/UH1
M$+U0/QEC)V%<7F_3USG7'1

M


M12PW9@_


MRV!D.(]


M8=O3FA:P4[CNP,8WV/8Y ^&' #TAN5H0U@ACAB _!7(\6N(&9,HZH&9FL7?
ME]5%LA%0TYYY,W@!BXDK!30J.+,M^,4$6];48$KC$;ZH0T!+6$&IC'&:
UJ
M[C
\1MC7$I@G$-*3\Z3(5![DTERR47:;Y\NXR_-EX/)
ZVD==X0:S#)+O0@H




!EY(O

M8!#!GG[

MQ004I

-QA9C./Q-G#5#YRK-UGTX_V[(8V/
D)224_J30FW)2ESQFR
ME%.IA


MT$;6XP@I%HC4






M.#BXV/8QD2!@!H8F(!*$Q:6)AJL#()[!L@Q@7G@4]P!&H+ $?#)6Y0KE^6FJ

8UD/ %Y!SY
MXYB2
F=_#DN9\W_.*C/E.K=7%YS^^8:4\P#











M$S[8UN#=HW,\#Z8JKLP=+G5;_7ZG98ZO3)LAD7 #;SS/4#_\R86' PL/[#

K2N6KCM6NK!:5$NF'E?5


IF0RZ!^JR4POHD


MPX










HC#N&EF20Y%FRXO0
M0]7 UQ:#DH[&(?$(
&-/*%HJXSF


M(?0%C%A5@Z+QI3B+J



M%P@DL ;T$V5O.(98@8(YD9+!XQ3]D37ABB6AN0!DK&4()@U83($MURG5DJVD


-89SQHCA2;RH'Q@*C(DX5F;
M/2(]

]DD8%



$[Z

RCV^-P4[QP*:&@[?#W01@_ ^F5&&#




R-4JD/2 F#TXYLL +R



MS$2\D\!SD

M&+!ETZFH4AU[R)?$$B(MVAM34XGGI%;EZP:%B2.D2-\V/F5=\=Z,?7,$6
M/QU5'D')W%-!M1 2
^-+*!TDX22%*()\S/\@*XIH'



M&$G


7)5.





@J?94FL3GC(=2Z_Q8M!B2=NQK)\P)6J_GFJ
7LJ




HT5MIN=;J]_+&LL.36;

MH
GO-&$K]K 74C7:


M[W(RN3=!15 $0U@ 30'BP\(/^(R95B?*7)C(14)GOF[& 7W/HU0.S$R]:S
M6CGK:=] 'P.2UO;K]KOMP:#SZI&T@Q/V*E&Y'\ORR8YN)M=J&T)9;3UO_EU$

$=KFRD%9NLKR
MS)15Z5U;9:4?4Q)ZFFV^H[L )YP^L\3^HRB+H*?OKY&M_PGSB+'9VA]!X$3&


^UQJM_=': MS6OX3_I7?QE


Q^0\*4?RJVPD:Q=G2J[-I9#H9E




PS9F
M(9!C+ S/G;IH+WFN/70]-YY3'!?@(Z
:9$P1*^!Q/;EY/@ZQ_=4(QB4_A
M6U1\)/O&!
W


]L:=V1+X>B3$&,*C/G;.
MDN2MGXZ2H?7S%3SZ$=&U)-Z(*!Z']SPX! F,/I-M05A*PL)
\ G13AU?4I94CP1'D_P?^#Q
M#%::6 ZJ<*7X*TROC9N-:!K :N6HI%D5\-URG9X(6-1,QDG <!(I&3X_L








.92X


MD\H)4 %8V
QI3O


MAE1PR*H8;&#8A@]3IM%-8S'+H9+E
$EJ? Q/1\KCZDA /G_YP-'J?=5S)0@X


Q.$.D-PS%

M .=F9=^
)L$HH&R
[#OF2;8S/XN#
T3:.Q*L?OR^0#Y1D5;!3CRK1:\TB=R7



 9@4L82A8T4:F:L2PQB]*F=#.W(IYP1XRAB^XBTG9XT!PL)91$-
MSFB
C#?-;MOL]AJX?5H)$JK^\FI4^.M%Q4;MHK)
-4V2]FR!AZ0..B!
%[YR


M=FATG\J6K5F;H.@J?-$EMWJMY==W3_7*C@)YS[2FP6B43!/.8=35UP-QYV=[


M.WG!UG+DO)


4QYY5_=&D@B
4X\@L5SQV+)Q8N2



M8)2U-


MWZ8:)W*MC:HNXGW:J.





MC

M^.3Z=#WC-JV5AKT


G';]




MSV?7Y_(KP=BX#(7CQN=/C;-%_-=C(5LMAY0$1G#ZLAU
-(_#O!LM?B ?_;
M@?_Q@AG6KN!V[=_4M%IF41B^%B!YODBXGB(?XN]? B\!U59 JG42GTB18E

<8TAP304QE1
@] %

+9)8

 +8)1S3/A)E+7OOPO54OD\F*C49@(')XJ
M3 #DO)62'O ^VEOL$ CDXB=3D@8CH)PA]EN8V:Z#+]#^XQXB705)#
_[MA?/
M 18 ZD.1VJ\59N23H:S$!1N9,QD73- X\B.)JK9@1%0[3,H^QU8_%5TP#9
M-@J MH5Q'P0.-TZ(TB
BEQC
J*%




M/(:V
873-3&&=N0^F:I[4JDJJZCDBV.2-4.TCJ;*-?P8Q;SAU_[H9*@\X1)N

[N?*/_N^IPI#[W2BC

M])TA2@MD6HZ8XNKA;[+8-8V


TKP
M
[[/.LV[8344G4S)+ 5 \WA(S7PJ2VC19+PSFF(.:@:842+5!$F0T'!2LD@$








MU--$MKD=.NP 7.9V8K
=I89;X%#(Q)2;UYL#4_3870-#
EL Z0P::!#&+ M2


B
M6,8N*%) IMUTF:DV5)(Z5F9V)N+(QNNU&!T/2M(//3Q1DR:*A+
M)GS(X)Y

%


ZICB#

M/9?

MLXSHR==;L8** ( 





V]N
MII[8[%@RQPAD=\





M&


/




)X[V2N XVA4D]DZCT]\EZF9&-F 4__8'N)
M6(C8O[-SJY7[B9SN/25GN^2ME]O4.+=RI* S/%3+AH)H7\S@$
2__A- =$+[

*&F\F+%


MY)$3Y7FS$7-=4+U F)
A2F4T'KUYIJB0A*R0FQ3]#7S.W8C*V9T*$Y68 YQH


T66D

B%$YV#?7
!*Y(NN8RY$O5]


-5A[U2=/S)O]!X/G%
OJ58
2!%NE<^?E8\51;

Z%N8;U'
%^N D/Z:
MW4?D[(O4&ZEB&:EK4F;!(1]JG/<Z6N0 CD:W0Q4\,-*55?!020B/@4H_&,E<
MHRSIH'@?4D_1:5;5Y]/3-ZN*'( ]C8BD

MNKU+GBR

#Z@;^ZRN
MVMZ)3QX9]4L7J2H;Q)57



G-7U257?NFLEGDA7138AXTRPQ$Q


MI
3PMWP=3

MQ//.=6
Q1UC

ZK@.
=\26N%(*V2
59\S/='L
M))Z.2SQ]DOQ8N_VYS'6J:_RI#R.K0$:-7HCN










RN_)9\-7+?R_(@?&E*E0@IG50R2WVZ?
[0(C@I7Z\:3+VO




M65.JM00QV%11S2E


9IR W! <W?OCKM:I
MR:(=_ZH
)Q5YPBLM$$U([-6M1GL0.E2#]AZ,*CKIUF&8*E);,%QC@P
'%





C/@93

M&P0'LH[?5F/SF%&Z#E7D%L.8!_7


PM^
?TY C/R2
M 8P0AFIZDG

8F:*C=&ZDIP7L



@-@_!?;&FRG$SO9.TV_')DN67CGO7#RWJ]G*R

/XBR$OCS
M)KY#UX$XRQR_R-@'<U97'9IK10QS?





-L_#%).0+^#J(WO.SI8%/VM7]&
MS9*I(9J9]LJ8V7-45N5U''75_4VST30[


,.*
M 5XT\B *]<
&F9;]GRI1%[3:E200;]%T(2J)100@=5KY;MSER8N$\8_B6&8
MH9RO%.?.0V


M?AS(ILK:Y?)9&

M\\=44G7%GZHH$%J+!94ZZ05

M.E.KMDT2X?PRH2!26 FIH!%2
X'0:IRU]#I15;GS__?7)#J[M^W9;ZAL?@0E
MS@LBV.P[D*H?O&#TXV__[_^#QNW_58]=!D#'V.
9KP1\=Z


_B8$;/OU&7N-




4BWI\POQ3S
H'K

M(A%'=Z\H?JD^%6




M)(K=\;R




MY1
FD9&^Q(K8'?;4B




6:!&-L!



E:G



X:[2T]7RQ0T_




3BS6DO7ND*#Z5D=N9#-P
JM['LPMSVPL$2(MR?M^U(F


X
+\D5:V@N.T!TB4+3MGKMG$Y0!EV.





M%F); M^62UFB*U?NS-_XO0'\_Q.#N%2

M!)]\R'K9(6OTZQVRC\GH!_[G=A8F(U%8BU4\9HW^P19CM36.T=G!8IH+/*.S

MN2/I4MVIYB$CN57




BUNZ;EP!+-* _9(ET-K=WR/C

MZ$K1ML#S=R36:-::HLW8L5BCWPF =46;L3NQ1O
O%6V'I]\%;4TSCC;W@;3V
M(0]Q-OXOZ42P?6

02C4)W
MB/0V#!YP592QS8(VIM+*
$_Z8CP!IG(_ =*)04@#=


M:X&EX_&$@#!@B8TCXMT+AAO ]$04
0GB(D;I)O!+*+
]=T13LKI:7*K)C)18


Z/9
::P.;C'1 K824\1GZ2^







MWY



C9VH/!;;:MC=3O]W2%D ;XG04!]A;\QZ#2[NU3I
MC@

$AIOG*BGYT]B*-EH%]
M1-@JK9^W!%NM5XVMTH9ISQQ;T8IY_X GXU0.UL98+4UH!?;6$?[6\:187Y

MM-_%U'9]$%N7@*C0'L6)[6%&;=W\Z%_^]JWYW\TOUN!C 4F'A?9($5;&V;!U


8G0
%*W7.AW?@
M-V@=!@-_ 1BR95%O=L^:Z8%D3!R
 I=&CEM]O!/-YY\H1MIW^SPAPBC.V%?



0F22-S.



MK?)#N@C'UD#W-*#[VP ]L ;EK&X/0/
M V
DAXBT
*)#O[I;Y$;Y_L/&67O0M\-S1_ Z6\L&K!66
6(<_Z(*< [Q0P:F\=FUAZ[G<MU.+-!)
M#Q@7P+?4



Z(+JM2;=JIP MA:+ OM

@*7JPNFZ

M4^R-N8AKQ
5P)S;5ZXX2+^9AJ&ZVAO6AH$K#&)%U]
6?&WJ;#ZS?SZB0Y?E5

R[
M9:JZ[1EP$2Q&\!EX4


M/.A[E&

\;16
7J?)BY-3_)^9).
8-Z9
;VC@<8=S.V$+*K#)(7@WM?.2]RJEE6*[? 269D4P0
MW&
V'3*5_7_[6
M)4W 6TK3:P-<W%[J[_?!^FDW3 -1Y.9M$I;^?V=]UM1G0O5LUVR-5QKS.<Z
M93YFVK/I6T!*'*D$'-]%)

M?@S.HEC


62'H<O<\T_;3^QP;K0LDXY/KD?B:GM^P?)WHUD0

M'S#7^


.*N3@8-4]=[,
M]6JAX_K&*D (VFVD1







FH.5M0W8;HD%Z)





8_D7=*J#E8[YJO+
MV]3UFIV6UN0J#V .?M7U0U[R.\KE=!L-M9J5X!92\.]M[Q/8F-_ !C_&I76R

M_:4MM!A[.4MK'79IQ6ZO-=;&]Q2I; U5Y^'0'Q
M/\9850GYCMX*;-T%Y2OUP+RJX9?BR7_-T'
QMA



M%&2U:IR_*?LDXJI=^[2O]W5LBW#RQ/B?N$B\-'AOMC7X87@OJ?AOG__8OB


MAE6



MZ@
E36Z26_:8/XBWK;)9S%F
MMT/4/1:;\*L5L(*/3XR3M

MK#[=.L+*5%3_(TU^X+\BNO[



I&&JM(-
M-#





@==9$SO\8S=5
+KYL!T7-^

MEM$X_.WE[/-9'
Q^PXGEG\


MMVOOJRH#4P(=C?5FU9Q6XVW5'O8Z9K?373E U=1[W;GLTNC:!U!)46M6O8&?

M#
P5+C_M:^S7IMM3OAL6N7'6/+U/*NPKD'R'WM2SK_94_/H%?:I'AN=FP^P?






M

MGR$*0NT1;0PMN&K*FWVJ]WG^ONN[O\YOS]_+NZ$C==F9FLCP+5HQ=9.I$09V





)D;(^H


=P1&OYO+K!;8B

+9]HT

#M.)2:])SX\+S0$)ZGAW*-KN*6B+N4\N-U+6+NWS)EVA)
MOA@M3

MV@AZG0$Y@B'OX6--!^$%C]BVV!'XDFP4%V&-!MFVUL8.7;!MU%M8U8:F6=)-


5B%S;!D8W%TC):(KK




%
/2\ I!/VWW1

 '-@=5+=5&L

DU8

Z(J:DCW%
MJLZ0(X8QHE]:CJB#(#DDD801.\&3?J#864HM/AD$3\*#^:G1O1\O/6E:5!3
M\JX]CF4S48TIIYPUM=9T#D'\!(!V);M9Q6W)D)MB33/9^)[;Q$=(MK6%;

H:\

GX.4S
$T$
MB)*W&B;J&QRR25.^W\ECJ##A]')$F=H3Z/G\(@R&7T2N<.D ?<#4\
6@/

M5LDVQH*=;*!@8)-UP+WP@'7= ]E(2QK %^K$( 9T(Q&-,\ -UI,+%R88DP,O
M(_A?1F)*8:QL<HC%-?G(+:CC2=5D%Z+MTA6SWC20LI0%-*6WVQ;GR/'5$
M*O!0



#SRG)VQ'0BZOE'0.?3CDU,HX%A[8/5S'4;Y9B@U=WB0Y%8
M6@VZH@XH59$(].1'R3G=U9!0@T?R9K0ZD.*K?ET^W?OQN?W1$R4N,^[LS
M-='WJ%-D]



X7@PWJR=F0+519=W4W]1P*9L@*&X%#)/I

1@!N8$@R)X E




56

Y;[0

MO$5@@-



$$H8 F[


MO17[T;S
IHH'1


RN DBVVJB7(7SJ@;JF^P4
B9YSYDO4F4UBX[V(REBX+-ZA6
MRXV#![,6.GC'/]P9



&^#A1[AC/X4-6#?1FS$N
MH:V
Q/AR2Y NZ@%4-SF6).(KM0:%I)*?3O
N9+V=RJ SX8)^3L#CP
'42*




TE+(*0M)%*9^.KJ8:WO8H;5#LFS]0)0L+I+





DIDB#FZ
MJ.+XE!

1-9X:S[N[F1'CE=00\$
M6X2.JV



V$
M2WCPQ9@BEG'05HUS)R7Y)%7C








U;RIQ1E\8E/-$MB$
M?B:_8V\/?
M@U^21ED0%!%)@KPRL=3N\?%6UJA!



.)\;


M)ZA@+K)C-\[HO=
Q1JU_5.I@=9H^

IBNL.2R2N&8VN9JS ]4*Z

MN=7M$

_


M*
DHQ


43# @Z-=[C*EG5]2EV5\RQ^0A 1







+NE497P@C/(O[CQ[.O0)YOTO


Z=)$3.@2VK_08C9(L
MP2MKW-'A
+QX


Q[3 \S &G


0AD+2Y*)*G\5 HC:%[<O&*C<#&U%;L






MTFJ'\Z:;?;^A^QL^N



3K$/)1H32Q]A^)EF'$1D6QM3Y0:FZ#-650*TX




MX-3+
--XX!\

MTUF4S)4!IO9=Q'6W&17-@_2-G=/114()O0PZC%#5^+YI
E81Y8%J*4!H
$Y3
MB(GS.NHL+2



QH3HTW8/JZR2?#(H*.
MD



)6
M+?U*ERR R6D[HVNH1T0?#L+Q3ACO2/[_BSE9?UIKPKVRY.:8@;T?CJ(Y&#&9
M;AI:.A(56&]'T/'W=L@70U%K*
:$!GX6_%1-G9 $QBZSBA_-[G;*7^U3)\G8
M]+I'T

M9G



4:W*[9W9\!M
Q!W


M\;R






P.#*H_+$
MZ#YG

A7
_XQO$FIP-PPB


ZVTAD*![PN\:
KW4;TNN= 8Y/3]SG#[N#G9)3L:0S


MO(O:





M^/_P90V7RB=

9T7Y D3Y
R
E?
J#00IJ&_U;&

X!IB5FZ_V%U93.XU&8[UJIP.


Q^_^4EGHFH/MA!=UTJ8^Y=YCGG#V([+/6S'D-T7[)BJU

MDJO111R?09[@%-BDDNDDG%QAPK4TD=2/Y^.\QY;3I;; WNF'W:Y?&XQH&=M
MB:KO+[2HF2?B\%;[;.LCY5X!K 1]Z24]^G(*_;#5QGQ$=B$X6=79!2+[.PB

4%[7W2LT;
M5R5M^[OV=X_[NQH.KB(71@_EY8UJ?+OWYEQ^P7F3*\&&.;KZ=S7BVN:/C'9B






FG7I ?.*R)?8?5IS;:FKXO:

LTQR*=GI9CVWV
M^X
DT#P]K *+2BX.()&SM]


M9')]Q9?(]A.@H2QA4$.![TZ1@;.^YA
3Q'%!Q0F+ #'+3M 3M!;ROY15%

M@6/G5'D&3_C9*=Q/?VA9E[:E

DN(C+B&1K5E&8G5;/E6IH%E!D-


?OS'__P?:.?^30^ 95141?5U


YG\ZN?X((61_FC&$G!OT!N5
MUGRQD.VA(T5P(\T.2:B=&E5@L5WU9=?G:Z,1CKXNJ P^E?X15II.0KS]
MFRXR

M-OM

+#%2XFD];&
M!G
XV#


V[UT9Q;KFE=]['I]F\9;6##1O&BF&U


4%[7W2LT;

M?=EOT95]AE-Y_
S#UL'?.OA?CF]IH^:_^;9SZ^!O'?SK1\?6P?\

_FDO<9B@OG7FGPC-ZK@W/!
O9^\M.8]<P(33LZ\G__6/
\0'-(7Q<TCPM
M&?[!G(_^:D9@=<@LV


]*4_.Q+OXO-6+\

L7[C- _R(L=*YJ*&Y9#C=4HBA($+OOST*L



Y<5$NHV@AS\CH ($\'
)Q3D2[DM:Q1/
M'

3SV3Q!&I%C\<13%<P\YXP4.-';*P0+N((QT#HQ9IJ\1HVM(
MJJ:S*)DKW-9D

!Z&T8 @/9)%)(^T_HAF


M7EE.^$:BU@L

MNM




A











PD_96

7_'SUC5GM/3:ZD9


MX]8'[S=OH3!C=H


Q5W\O6






M+XJA+ M=YN(]=*O3_-1 /15.O-B6I=?V]OG^ K2!KU]H[\@Z.^ 769A!EH




M;/$2PQ8M$
*)Z$% GBL.MXV5G$/OLL6* % EC_
9^[J_2U(?ZB4BV'IZ



VP)HSHA;_VU+^*(-*;/0DG^=P;!_!&

MXMD(B 


M?E/EJE;

MB$U_DE) ^NUZ)ERU*1DO;D%/G6/BAF36]3Q@LL*S8I]GMZ#U.@^WNQ)6S*FZ

?+W)M2;G

(C1M#_]OJZ?(1K\*4OD@CV
M+GO_KR+




Y5:J%\&E\H9*Q3C]J!A36:<4J<6@$H=!!+0*<JKGS':]WV5=(7?@U0MI
MF*;G3A$KZ,8J5^DTQ([24B4W#+(PTY5UXW X_!$ARJ_PGEA?22R!&X5[H%W
MQSTTZZ(%F+5Q&2G
'GN=TX0:EE%DJ(JH. RXQ,I#)$AV13,?I2;O:6M_ Q

M3(LHP/)0;Z* #8$UDQG\ATIK0=1F8
2E




*(X_2[*0B(]TC-4Y





MU%DIJ\47UC'N\SA3$5Y;

5KL(H:HKM8F49I11:%]G88TG9O$A+HP&E P..?D 1TR

MKHOGPG3IT;$:%[!9
!C'PS_7D0\'SR07:UR.(
N$:K?BFHBQ;[([=
A8DC\P





6F'37;?Z

M%U;Z?]V^I_FX\YMW\O7SYX]GG]]_.3OUCK^\@W]_.?OXY3_??SGYN !N6

M-9+]41SD\DE(&=E84J



?DCYU.OW=TU*5IO .

XY!D]_G)G.<L3XV91M-/Z/P!7TD4OXP%



7*8.#]E80DJ^!1$%6Q8CF)
MOS+ZGH[J'O-W6%^+4W*S6S2';)


MBU]\F*8P+7*D5LJ
0 8!=?FW%Z4:M3=33
/9*;@]P'<  IN&P*A 7[/K[:]SZ$




WG)\'F0SLBR^ ;66! YP#O,#%J59.?.7O]X'7AODZ$=
0&=/4*O


MZ[)T6+1W:??I6C1^3HP\)5
XWF

M833B
;:?PA.C
' D(\!OBS@TQI/Y-



DO







E9OZ#KWH;MU1:'N2.00PB7$+-N



S@3AZ (F6X\I2II
M1IA^'D6.



MXRA+;
7DD\.;D(U<1[_U.-N,M^.HDG.C;
MG8TI?:R+V(FZ%T#,/X,YO.,435XC0HH'OD9!'
 DOV_=D&Q KI_AU/KO54I

MX6_U

M4$-MRRZEG!77



M*:B ;L$$G7-$


MX$_Q2)1NZOP2':.V5=Q$N]0^V#\%3'&'*5*&I R_V0$/Q)

MH! $(;FO4'G\J1&1MWJ[ \VBYH7$-$%$2]C?[=D?-A?A(.VTJ3.#.BH;JI


M:(3&N9L
ZKQW#!S-)

M8Q7?



M68[.






P/7W5D!)= 471\_.




S;.BK)32 QVL$=P/7J<!#-  @Q,V$@419PPYP&#3;'24<'SH%Q

T/M 2?&+B7..



^8?E@;ZT9F2HQE9M)FCA23Z*^I?00&(




J!\@

=J/Y4A$5(%P2:1PU'Y@:
M1J


W(
M$%&=3I]ZDVF1B5:7:(V6 R3X7=$-M@84F\
6'J?_=&'A


_;B&2(HY(=S]V7YN3



J^)0JR/2:0
UE(%O
Z;1%KUMXL=:M$/[B11
M'6FEC\M*Z(VX.SA!

JQ:SMNRB4D#7H!AH+Q%RJDHEO


M7CK:]@32':0

MMB
3B..\W





&3T!]4A-28:\LIW'%@*/Y-0B

P]'+N]+4IXOK!4/!:FD4A?,,<J+L)A[:.W2CZM1E'9A2:0O7E&RG3
MSAK$Q#6,1@Y81-5G7R0G!ID05%92<Q:L3/+^TMUC+-'ZW
W7\SVGA'3%QBV

=X0;/P**:SI8<K %S?*9&B;UYE5
@_(A##Q
M4P30&&+_0+06R1$@.T^I'#,ZF($[?<YG6T'J;?7HSI^1*4 ]I&T =DR*:5[




MB*U5W4Y



MQW&/9$4)YA2T:*YUY'([[VK/2:7[&^L6=ZS&C
W40P$*XP[QIS
UHL9MD4XW





M79RM^81F 9_VZ



M C




M?# 0PFD73&CM
\0KD*X]^A\X DB]

\P\0MU/)^UW9R<:=BUJ


/3K$_5$DWO[PX<-IF)N(I*/=\Q)JCX_Y=EWR
/;FB&7


.7F'7'UVZN,YAQ0WL\ .61.L'VB^8@ML
X<G\







M

KKT?3_NQV:3;7E0BZO$=3*-XU@


M5L'[
QL>R@[N//PS $#Z_




M=5&A B$T(5'!&_%9:MMRYBMLKXL:A\/?C*E2\CMR\BN

//C&T!M-YCV&;^)G1=*2ZY&H67.Q:




MFG



D+_[_*^M$?X__@[U&9YKX;O7K_@KNC^=








*#IXMP8=MT
_GU+JFK3[P4F4O%!

;9

MU1K[S]([



ME
&:(:[X!Y5\6;)$Q$J9:NA7.)AMC4!W2XP.[I&!LCT0;N-+J?6TQ_D9BJ


MK]




M?



!Z

PS
0K?



0CT\7^@*
M\P/H5DX=8KJ*;0\\
)2C=3O?_((L]1!$[0

M'M=;(L)6R&WGAD65F'K(=






'1H5M
&F[S_? J+!-UJ
.







$5?2! %E


OG.Q3DWS@[SN'L1L;_ZPO:

0R%



S0B\RQ%3#IA!
X0+Z:W 7R+G&:-H4
MBI&_@&$
W7L$-_HEP\+MT-A
 0%6D+Z_]DE (IT8S-9-8;E!\!'XWN#YD= L

:$V KX&'KGKS

16
M.E&



M



2X=-HG3@V



[/_ 3'\K=/:NM!6NM[?:#\BJKW-ZTZ^2+@+/(





^. 

MV1PZD


6_JJ
MPI+1;E_$7JBHPI9@$K[^6U#S(NACNN:EJL3D]-LGLTUM
B9M)$R;EIH9]U@L
MU.7(EK$0MG+%KD(




1-:(5Z 43Y=^'/J:%A+2;%6RDT4^(MB.FB/O+^0YP!W



\68ZN'&'?6?PRPUAIUXF%K)^
M+W



$/QMJ]^_XCT$RX
MIY2KPOPKYKGEX]JG3RE9Y_9&E'=7LUPU
;@W0&7[3[TMH!HC!0/*5\VYL#

M

1C(HR]
M$T![%.IPW]LO.[M/V\TA-F-T./+M!_]L\*J4G$G8M-SY828![%4CS*7_0&_H


:G;@M:

HS-(L21LVKO@QT\5 !ZIOM+R^






MCF?ZL:*6E*'(O.]!%X2/;-0=S_0S1VWI@LV/;U0CQUTF$#6M$*5!33^BU()6
M



U4*H'0JMV4&2$X=ER7
20M310'U2-6=




MG[)X79MQ^&S45
Z3B=ID'B5_-1C3LMG5E!2L\]H;]+
4I-U[)R



)<LTR-_@?I-EJ?PM


X347-9)8Q16%

MZ4??Y#(  !0^ P 5    :F%M;BTR
#$V
#$S

M6[7_03=;MW;G0SJ1[:23WNG=DF4ZK1E;\DAR

M%Y
B#@!2H  F[JJ==6P ?

M]H/HX==7MY/7O4E_
'C5B1


W07Z)?.)Q0AXB:8_%?GLQNF[#?X
@@1Z?3Q8AFB!-$_


V02':(QF'?;_:5?:?972




HH8O9


MNKX9^7D:=?Y



M@O%9_ (E;A#&0Z:O)'B4VN':/V2+!IH6W#9YNTT+W+5-XI.F)3YIS%I1[*-0

YIR TTCK@OT6/BD
X:T8M

MBM#$M9KV858=TE7;T87_(HB]$


+ZWF6XYK0)XJ7W





M1P9=!&V-W4/GPD
9S(2$2#PU2R+STN HLR2N-[M B

M

X2-!FB[M6PQAY^&%-5=;[

/5&


G*T7RM;%8
#?F\X[?3Z_='M<#H8?NK<C*X&_8'3:!W.3%P09@/^\(
AI^=X70T
M_KU)4+Q
P058'_=AC9V^

M:' ^/YMP 6)W'^*D=Y7UT8O!Y\%D



M)Z4%BJ*C*]3T&!?=H




+]W99I_V2-<\64WK*502 &+-RNO4Z[BUG(U5


MCE$2;^#ZO?LX(:['VYZP6N)*IA*25S$W%*6P\\1W#7AS:B*@:KO'XA4_.DG5

M-G




D+*^]H.(
CE


&_LM_7B/'3]87V


15
E?&)#Q70\CG[?+7[\;< $8IPOKICRA47HN%];^C)5E!3[;=+N<:BF4Y
MZFR=!

M*F2GWA@%2 7$ G?
EJS6.=@G=2@\




&T8+&_NOD\+*
ML



MQ;S-WN:C]PZ;P_C6=E

MN
)=UU0PWF%LJ$@%+K*&@_'&*



(9N-E 98/.KQ]V4P2U:3X.DWO$1C


X3IG'')ZL*C=UUS44


UV%X4I6X8\EYYYTO


M$ZA@







4KA<V:QF&#+NZ-2OXG+B/KH_5NS1<
MP5A*6S5ERX#*M?]VM=OF
J#_
 3&Q7[Q8P]5J(Z.?/@@DJM_7!7@_DL37G4
M#LIH*7&7:5;S&
_=S;3EL(&T)$&

M*R)B?7-*WIU8;3*#B$'MUC::-3W[QX(T6!8*/W@
_-0-Q0Y?H/AWX=L5JL*V





W4CRA*T1[D0'3O$JS2&BK5!($(J_M20*-+


M

#C-@*_84741N<H30-+:K2&Y
MLDP@I6;]25L!GC




BCFQ.85-$JI3M
M':QA)O)1H&L1*2U(
J./&YLC%@_F[ZAQB9^#^#/=6
A=BU;^NA(I:(T)/570NJF(J

V:OFE
M6V#6BL2T+5YI'ZO



@=PA&E

M@3:=WM4L+\46U.V2/2^T-6QYJYFD5FNX498%8L-LS'ZQ3_5=0E;LHEZE.;)8
MJS7
Q-Q/*5&L/+Y9KY.NUDK2P)Q5C?@O9'1]BQ]AGPT6_^&
MN04ND9ND1'F94VBJW0PKP@1KSFP'D3W#.N&!!X26BSK5



T61MQK-

M.DP:]I3M^0V4#U\%3;2;7JE@(




M*+HHAW7WAZOJVN:;PA7XL/E.\#75Y2)=R$@I%#/W7#NGCV
93GCZ-SOQ7+M/
M2IK/%[OKFGJ(6:[Y

NV%Y8.OARE5;@41540!


IP#KK.#FF+/9*M;
[E%MY#X.

M0_'555_RIJ!2;4-QX




M=O^2$UJ[8)





R<%C/<@SA.D7^1DB!Z



2#:ZL9<Z*!MW<UT


M


 ^=+WV^ JAB- N K'JN M
MW2OH9


M+[SSQ'X4^-+5ZMO/?14Y[+3OG

M1 _K:;6!E0KZE/W=JR&10:]8J[N2\T2W^T'
EN*FNU+I4]]_5P)$!MU]YKO2

M=D_[ARSN(TT*#'6
7.H1BV+(^*%C)Y5#QQJ]*/V%A:5%2:P6]W:Z#_Y+;SSN

)KE9C3Q 1A0W.X#
*&




MIHB\-*12?D$
!O)[CXBX#^B&!-YNDBA


Q&9:\IC6:9R0J-%;B&O3I6 6[=T0'==^$%FKI/




56QU323IZ?NFV+.AE
M6V[HK*/57W1*)8WO9QS-TFI37+^2&\M&



MO*Z+Z

'.+G9[


R(.M


M18TB6 :0(K




M)=I#3!&QG;[-*[J_C6*4V^QN4
-$@%7:PXQ$! 5GVI&?8D[O8_1G2F5T'I'R




5G8NJ

DHB=8KE+)[#\Z3

MP1&O#L)*IL*X@1Z.*^$&AX7FM7F4)G'@H]%L.D=2??
+WYT:
H;DBA8!!GOV
M![/^UKWS(WFN ;W:NO1$[;PN






NA]:O':N2^%RC;93M(P<),IX3UD/(CR^IV,I+F:2_31)P</G
M5?KWE\_]A26A $;&=LM6+FRQMF6@X=



G?II%MP5UUB
M EC'K*'*[5C

 ?L'%*02[N_ 21+VHQ

YN?8W;)+W$C


M%91




M74=_^^[-NS=O?O?-YR67_8IF_
]OOWOSN__O[=5W/\#_^=W3FQ]_^O[=3S_\
M[O\X?B.C69Y6W_CN\^^_^^[-=_Q_)/N_A4'TZ2?X/PN:
L)')$I_^IP&__Y5

^8C[\*$?X4. @]3_'\6?;^FA5\1H.0(-.KU8ZNM@NG;L86]9TD0^]?1

52^YI\HEW


S2\B\P-7XX_^Y-8:_\C^+/

MB*-SVOC;$_]G2CT 94K^@TB@1@_9:WCZ#&+O4_:A=5-R:TC&(V8:40H8&4
4RO 3




MO3[8@!J\S#?!


5^[)
M4;FSR%VP%F1$T*'RF=P&'HM2?I:J[COLQUD+_9@0[!6[B3@C
1J ]4FHW!TD

KK10& 3L\* C@@'!R2=1%P$7QBY)+R\2<WW-[R5@%L<6<09_$-

;[@U=I9=C(C]9B[5H_(S1W*0#HYH-SD4V!54)
&^9$WF&8LDF5[


^Q=34DHT&#8N0%20T-#B@8!:LP%)20K2
M8X_\14)?J!\[KA$VZM%PT]R!0<S*0Y4]
JGG$(EP[BKPQ_C-5LS/_ L2X-*
M



M@#W%[
5ROE%I1H.




MAD#F[4#(O
4!F;=#(/

==65K[

#L4#-]G8I4-DC*GPU-\L;6








MG=#NA=33CGRH


G$^6(N6AM




YTCZXB'O$'*-$Y]3GPXX#9

MR2:Q9TPN(@W-Y%#H$4R)YZ!13I


GSE%S
M!+FKTLH7U

3T]X$CYD:#8YZ
M150.84#
DA!WN\\8XG;LF.D'O=)A57D]J


S5R

=4*%1Z+

]R$=3#
)YAXR)X;=_8J'% Q45$

)@:&'
7JYQ$[HZJ=!.



-+G/2


9+;#Y C3J]N0/3Y&@:*JE2

E$
D-*HU?YY+SHAHAT/P-

N^N/$
Z;-&K\[O8Z%!*U:)@M:/*$9?)Y'RBJ:D(4 TQ5A?Y@D\
M!;L)4H^&?V$T


MT\'IESC


1K
M0Z%!@ @(JE0&&$A(B@GW%WB]3J.'K/8^_2XHKP[(!U+1B/PTIH71O3R#N-








$$9-^D

]I91EW.'(1O+6@6

XP:M\%
M-MC0P:9?T\F TH

MUI&1'

M'B#(&G\C * SPMO9


9I5
MY/;[

P1.ZOILM*\NHK@P'




M)S0$)Y&_#J( 5E@(:K=#JY=K5
O(3866M61G08


YJ- '6


MJ5CQ_X+XVX@L:5 \') @PYIF:!YEC'=?UC(
;.6L3.0CI_WMU)VZ^E1;.J

]!DS0HN_ZTY2K)#
RIV


<*%[R@=5QKET]TG\$OC
MO]A^3)D_CZH[N!FDBY




E/1^K<P

M2H7=)[B&]C%XC955X/(P_


M_#]DE:P-YT=BR:HJSZ



MF)_(
I:LL0*T-
[OZ7:GLU?%A^/@U5'#[=15
(WJ%WAAR2).V6Y'KK; QO/6



MR4+1

6C8PH


MM2-4QT[3E&-X*$9F3!GH


M6T


H?)M

M+AH%
TR*JG2C)T75B:GD0VT2H42

H3+J;T_PE_


M.;P&BVJ %\?5@C5 =A%2ON4^P+Y[P62!V_%A9E[&!G%B )IA(1O AAYJSDN9

MY
DEEHRHP2SGY@'0;&T( 9P=%'4V
4\2T/VB.R
:US+=*MDZ\_T 9*2A#)DI
MB@8(Y1?= H
/$*B:!ADKW+NRHZ#JZW
D6FF%^7:Z^?B?G:QX\!$[T5A(^ C?
M1#




M
_H(#4_5YK\\*U%*.
MB2+J$W@:
C0X
4LFWK KBC1K4.W
8U24=#U*:%^5:NP(;+[ K5C6V/B;B]U

MX


M94-$MH1N?6TK.H^\

Z4V*O-C'-D4
HH@23S&Z%

M0PJF
U*PX5N!V9)QR?S+.
W2(DXQ^?SP7*P^!0\W?_9L?-7GF83FAGM=RO
M333P/Y BR@QYN+Z?S:_(]?^^!]



GJW:[$]=3HL&653S%3P!)IA%?

_=TQ^O'\B'NZ?K
M1[Y

MUMEX*2I
^3'],N[]^#1G#VAN5;ZE28)A74@\A^YU66MO?)GHW#F7M
A ]4
3CQ:WYR!T%;EGH9T<
M1XX*L9/3S,T 1S2
O7K
G^GG 
QP+Q[B!=[VBMP/NC.230\E=1O49#G 0
MSH+9!:G1JS_.T\8R

0@]9


Q6ECU7E=\O'B\_H^/


MO^0:U@8:Y.XHN:K2XL724;(CRF[6UZG6;FF;&@9I=H3.SI!6PBJTV!!C=:
ML;JH^@+:U1D.$!Q0X-$%@];W@01C;R AO.(FY6Y\/K(1=N@MB/OF! :I$X3
M64Z,:  W1-HN#H&7&;RGF892Y @\9*F*W R\O\' 9PO-*Q5Z76)N/&.ZA
9

]9H[Z/VWKGP#?N2TY'-=KO-WN8

LI]F+




LT3,&C<D]7*-FBS'3856]AP[QIXN<FIY-<IN$B<\/TX30EGA]4+BK:*
M9G! [XHEP0N%==C1MK0QC)O@JT_P=HXO$S4:F/6*J&:-*QG(;4 701AD:%P_

5Y







X?;H2%@7!Y#)P'NS0YS63877G]


?[L%) A%[(DJJ_+R8-/!GVY0Y:D1_

CB\NT(
+W?D/X

.VZFVP9:KQ(43
MQ4-*516GEY0U&QK

P3_HR=8/3


MYO9OF)+Z&S^W-M#

\8VO3



M3ARC/=5P$[UZKV$GGQP[[C)VH5







MD#UB1X
19W2O?T(KF]:M
M@&.[E! T<FE


Y'I*5NQHC@X






M

<OX.JME[4 4HEP1@HAB)!
M)()IO%EI$(66[++:G*++8%
JS_MW=G*CVX8T]V;&W.R[ZMT*P_ECFVAF89[
M*J ^JVYFT4^JQ!I'MS85?HZX\===,DG-3!1?5FN@W]BM-0(W5.%4MRX/8G
MGQ)'5

+=NV=$H

UIQN..75/MV*&W\3)?1)[C/GI#4=7635*

M9*



MB%- T&D^1(#@MUIOX')A[;W=
D



M_\SX
-X0K21%\%W-+A/.D-8RDD



9S[!T$[ZV+.WTDX-I@)#*W69Y
M'N8[+N#E/ O6K(T@PLHVCE8O-V)WR\N$^4%FR)5LH1NQ&JY9S$;Q6Y4(!SXL
MDJFYMR
8V]L 59I;FP/;

M[';




\2S
JJJ*-N&;=)T'D!1M1Z]UUEK1Y)EV==.);EZ0FP^3H&2*E
YPV

MOB2'.SY;C@DMY:AIY

RK1\B#-6AEO9

O2WRR?'E+J-V90H*0D07^6U-^$#JG;G1@O<3#X=HE2AS7J:9%B21&P
MR18F\#^9H5S .
FKXR49O$[TW#

V






(^87!&KU*68 TC


(E(YL
MQHM*5M55/U91C@IV-WGDI[
7&H00N GN-CA
K^+09XE.(5?.\0IR#%*E+L?A
TZZ[B


M+4?K'CEM3U[%94J9Q.&





QUP431/
AYH5YB4R^*_E8704AT89LM2Y
M:M77@73DG


M;X9VBQ

J (

M6:VI5W#
9?/=Z759M7&/U'?:-G!DO[.HYY8 3]

WJ(FIRW+U*==7G\O$CP:].PBM



M5;O








G


M%W=4(/:CQR+*E9]]#HS/8O2THSZ


(]6'2'*P#_I$'V1;6]4H
)JR 33/[S!3U


M*7Z.8+L4ZM^)W





M#:OSH'NBK0;
'LN/\.G TY4;&B2MV\36M=P1OC)NQ9FC=%&[4
U!/S'YI#JN
M7MV9) B)#PFBEIS4
)\0;7B'




@+2^@S

M7VI=F':LOL@58
)I_X5[2AU4/WWO:3K(R76
N7U(5#-[\-W[: Y?KC/8\LA
M,+[J.WAU3VB.EQI/.LT'G%2


=LSIJX9X8FONR2GM!#L







!.\LZ;0[P'?3S

MS
.RM/'N*\O@#R';97;LJ(%[S
OX)U?AU*M._LJ%N&F75?^&R!Q3VK]
+/

@X^H\\*D$M30C+P@#.4.R&^:SA(80I)9S
M0;8M8D







M%HHT%3HM[?3C5E[O$;M=0]U C 

M5?RB/;LY





MD\))$=P*J8H:+ZRZ(KI WB(8$*K_LD]G



*J


M1QQDU6PPU=2/8-3)NF [UC
_V^.6UG8'*5W5_6371L9[$+BK@O4KP:$MX%@T
M=A7;\)Y05IDF%&JK-8T@R-I[B$WJ@/74E+SV:H7UT.%]5_XLG\621R''L9

&*_,IU(%;L5P]^5\6]^[(TV
M7/Q;XCA)-;?:NTBMO!23[
0O^6N'N7S-(=H@&]G(-]


MO=




M:7$0R3+-H!1& C_K+P(I$2L?XZ?S)_[@.0E@'L8#)+O3!
$N&!N^5_#D*!
M9?X;[R?_



MC#DTX_?

M_+@$;4PSENLUE#N+O4_RINHIOF R7

?8TU9 V









L6#17*E 3B*:*L
M6Y:%W,CU_YZG&7CYON96*N_+:MV$5?(?.1CE44<1/S0*F4.:2T:7..2$O7
MC\,04HPWFH(_U[9V6KP_:;?74+S=*ODM;Z'2BDO=_ T:^?JLVS%E/1X^Q6J%
MO8!_E*9I[ 5BJWX-LI5V-.1+XSVST'*O^O)S$JU?Y06I=B]3C<O)1(03-FK
M(!7[5\^T+
DP3[V.C

*R6JR7E/]-E-_*



5-Y#0=7T:5SB+_

86

4CEPOTEM1/EXD&][RM(
*
M[Y^*9\M1RAY8L%[D22K?L#D] ]NY):10V%$-B^NT_50
8
%DXR1IM8XJF(2?
M!#=Q2L.?DSC?S$NGB#@?PBZ1



Z].V
U(XQ


V]

H#KH5UTIE


;^+=3#?R;'[._+M=1O[=R8W\NY%&
MODJ_QNT;.?23#?MU& ;L*68OJ6&(NP2XAM,@77?H!!D1=,4U)840GOIMZN7U
MW23=?Q,LL^UC\/F/?+]_B*DI5EI/AFLHK#(JMSQ ?,ZI9 3H)\T:NZ&S^5



$:V

L



MK
K&6*Y ^-:*B-TM+Q.^L


-!IH/#ZKB:9@PPD+1F[\F.@3O8N-VHM

M6.&)[\*K*/%A_$-_ESPPV-RD(24?;:=UN
]^R.AI_(2!XZ:9;O\)82.!T*@V




GKBZD)Q\@

$V8C+%Y?;


:0
IEJ*Q6F*QP![6F




MKQ?1

()JLNP_OZB+WVC(C*@'F
C-+N
6IGU;/8!!KDYLV$



=


(QE^ZJ/K@(



M_$J@AZIRF*U5N_G0=4+7?E/%9CR6==:A'A'3-EWW I8U(/(
SL;7DA2I^?
M$_8


Q

M9(/:+ZDROL!2!JPTF*8-9WJ(MS3
MI:2H0H%MI'0BZ=VOZ!K%XCKE/*$*SMN


6I
XS3/&EY)D56)ED_M=%^5:T$QWFD[H3B^%[HKYFC)DJLHZH7TVT
M2\=,5@3S4J69:%8Q7\-LM7C)U-B4P,=LG&QCDLFWE:M@7'0W'YRMMK%+='
M


(Q



$JI^OV7(O$QF

XB.JV\HVSF07WE






M
YD6WSLP _6XZ&5#B 57F=W-F%;!C?\2QHR^#\7L&8R6FNMDP**(W
7*+]6R




MG6=S59Y



M;BZ C'8G&XYI3D;#;XC(5P^?]8/EDLF*R0N6O8()]MKL/X]9?5-X80MNNBU
M*5_AUP7BYYSWUE]&53$U9_)8!WPQQ1- 2?[S/OR_^_NVG8;MX'HK_M:#L


MRM(-





MHH\^+AJGDNYB'%1?9(D?.D

MW)6AK5




 =ZI


MY/P-2O^*%XI9OEJL=^Q%;6SS3/QB+WZG_\@SYW/\

H!Q3U?K/_9LYR*CD#Z@#=(3;@3
%O%39FQ'1E*F-(^6
I!Y?9G]
MPK)DJ8]
NU\632E$T/8XUQ[\67+&LC



M;SA/H 22


W-;[



M$!]ROW7]2Q@[@_*B\@AM1J#,LS)N&(;74=7G !S!)A=S9
@/27TW !+
V:
M#;4.3


$R*F8


M^6 T^J87Q9;O6%[@L[]^XP??_/?_^]__J\?_]Y?_\^9-[\9EGO-3[SJPWXS\

MV;ZO?UDK_]?O+MY=7/SP[?.2\WYMQ?S7E]]=_/!_+Z^_^U[\XX?%Q8\_O7_W







5ZB[P.!]
J^NC.VY+
3:?7+%AD0[,&I;M\7+7<C6ENL,G]=9JUN)
W;LQB/SP(.G]WCS2*T
M_




QQ8R 6[7[E



MA'PCP1';]6F%=@'V:G#GML7;=1H[^


M_Y*2^I528\PDV/!NZW7?K$%4.GO*F]3D9

M*6J_5FH



M2^*&E#P*Y8NI]P:@ 1A  Z*!TSMM P?!/X8=-^0W_C611ES:& D/R*X1





GF&B(XC9$UXJKS']+W%:E@G
&1


M&B

MLWN]#US6'HI09WX-8X34DM- YYJ%[E/Z0--DQE-309'JS%EA/I8 6J!EPE*
MQV#3F5?&!L0(N=^/ .!:'!I2W^+_E) !*3#KEOC%$10D#OSE!P)

MVL0ATH(+Y+(S%\B1P)V+XR





)WY1




XM;+3F RYD00AW[9N



M)5PS*3Z*_8VD/7: Z@G15JN

0ILMRP0/%;DY#AQUL

M5W&#.W_DL1\)%ODAP*^+


)%6^JP5-3:RACAH]FKH!.#ITY5IZB?/$)(A9

0G=VVW9AH\B5:TJY(KS)KN(8

MY





M3N#5ZHL&Q'#96]D5@/N%&D5W.43:
HIV-'SNNP*A E'(FO]+[(^?^
Y9W!&P






H%S&$M0Z=_O;B%LFLCHJCNG5IMCY



MY@M!45AIM@1?)R$7+[M]3*\ELE_GTD1J1BJ\&S)K(&@0FZJ'T$1;93VSY^.A

#JZ7XS2OTW7:93Q



MK%96N)DNYR[?5R]=6V3FR288



XG
R'O?Z'V3![

MQ6JHALL.@!AKH&AT+EEXP-H@
3*R/*C7;E;+N'Y87)2'Q;P_3@]5UZ-/H_EH



M/%IA1+XOC\C!=/)I.%N





(ML%SFW0CJ*)#T31XE.MEZQ5 HDQ([+YN=G#*%'A



MM96'+.Q28R]9&Q5MU

7XD2E@N$Q=XQ %(L3
N&^

.S0P':W6_$B3
MELX-=P\
I\MQX#^
W2?F9

M;K.Y+
*:M;-QH\[0DSP;HWZ$SFB OH_[
=@

M4WL#0Z4E1

M[6&3!@;.H OT[

2426
MK^V5P._



M$HW0

XC;5#)9;.49URU:%9R4Y6S
MC5/8QA)*.ZZ=?24YWJ5S;:7].:7]UHA:$AH
@BKAD@E114@CS%4?,$@H?


MQ1&-_&4MYV
UTJ:]9T
TS 3P7SDFG1Y

MZ


M5JR]DS%L'J-7$B/_PITGQLLQ'_49&1K:XM#33J;4F&0([]_2T=+@K[Z5!$



M
A<GG54V*G20;C!U4#<C26ZE1%5\P4C$L\4L^7UZ*9W?ZBE]%^ NL+,F
MPR=64[601C-[MGH,F#4]8&=2/A9+J5)H0)GC+ T343FARRVQTR/#USJ)D#0@
MD*8$^!@QOBB/W:7MPXBQLZ+#%_4X*J@@=TUX[JTLTL[14Q=H15V^F





+(GY1F((DIN&1



M67OT0N!:3$KC32TXC9EQSZ



M5MO2 



MT8PK-.1+Y4T0WB0B(=
HBA+A!I5//@VZ0O;]RX_NU5R4S;1TLIW9)!&V-5UF
M? DV^#9GM6*.RT7T-A_7@3]\9G8B-#M=[LG &[G&_6-/A'J
6Q;XQ
G1IFQ
MU_?]Q/*\NI+9]3+6TF)[Z9LIE $C:DV=PIN$(UB4@!I-AA(NY%*R&CH90
WX(K=6:Y8
+P. Z3E4=X3<+-I87;^Y8: N-

M^^AS-50W'Q*SUU)AEU:%#0*@\#2&1*Y$76E9&ZW6EANJDX'#J+%+BX('BXDR
M:
)5XS1?RH[7'HF<[;+0GCV3A6Q'PVQ;H-$3,-2

F9AVS92ZA0[\ 7=4&J53-Y:3N%Y[2RZ

M$ 6&$^9
URQ
]222H? _K(/(\CZ$0;(&I(@V[@@U^SH'E.VOY:\L3[S1F#\R

 1J/_1H:626;_(F41B21

MN

_BNTI4@8TUAV)3#@%[K/_X/PNKS;B3#()XGHQ=
ERCNL5^[+MR.&ELH^&




ME5)A'TL:ZU^C!R)+99UTAB






M7YD5*M5:VQ+[Y1]








E=.5HS(.[]7@9^8
M(*,CHA2/ \4#IHC.LA/EK(!/K?L2N[J/@FC+


FPRW
M(


M](%V\P.%I(%




Q
4J.4&(ILM\J=^ 5O7]KSQH)1!M
@9J+JEE((B*JI2DU)!NGF1^LF-



\!TL^:D2(
:


MPEFU_+PD\&6SAA3O\7Y[ZZ14(Q0!%&LY%+&L+=Y;_+8@RLM
 Y/\R[^29UL.

F56YADIML&KN-/4$5(GXTFVZ@=OYET6&0W:
ME]=0X=U/M;(+E^J!QB148C9DOR7


H/]N [3F474%1)^#W
Q3OA(IAWC-9A

B@Q% H2'@
3P4XX

!TFS-J'%C^[I#V




(4+ER[CO5;2F#X_8Y22EJ6EJP&4B
MFE[$0/]FRJ X\9!XX-%-Y
PQDY31NXXSC:$A]B:DFX;8XS XG(R4U 
CL7

*0-RS7 @[_/

M)%Z+FG48H'+J
D



W@MJH)H2$OT
IM
-



.-&L/^P@N!.93EYY
M?T#CN0F2=M:A?'?8\7RG
9V\ZOZ(EN


I]8A]B=.U_=0J\&69$


+9F8L=L
B-YR#
MOIU6Z(UFS&;NDSBAI.97@UB:?[M!1]CW3'K(FDI&![/


PVHQJ3@K



\&&[5+DUG,^$5D2(BY8:J310D32Y_\N/,N3(/Z%Q3-F
M!P^^F ;3'?]T+?ZLV.*=Z//8SA:P9T4#AH6V'BRW$HC#CZQY3NN_Y!-GQTL




VIO

YQIY$?W9(1JX7A6QJ*R?_!'&Z1D3.GH['2)A-H
M)=7.;KRT#_WY)VL^6FD[O6 /&4
^\(K5O;AAT\@SF17I9,]Y^IMG]C3O#*



]E[Z.0^LD
W


P..[1G^O!AZ?;:FQHV4P

MY
ML_MS(IFM6HU*D@VD


25FY+J[(801 DTMET53IM,?T:=8/ND0-AHX#2:(L_TW5)%:#$ MK_;
M9K(OA#WXSA7SV=+=ALA58C%$])R!;7R-6PG6ANVUJ+:7Z!1#KC0;BSN-]-0




M3

M-05OSR$6NN#N^0'F-[UX=?BT54!LN62V\$#O&9SQ24 4GO)MUW.S\1+?
#Y:






_-M#G^%'OL]SK'X2Q1R_@;0






A0
M



%#6_((GB8-4 .TA]D68.7! 71 !KCJ+7#'?




ME


)FBIQ-K)4V9D9.00





MN?@^RN:-1;!.EL\PC

MQE ==[:TZI6LEI/&S%WRU^I?KDD):$PL
)^G3 8:X9

M(%H1E$7^]*_2:IMCQP5H[4R-L7I;&N


M[]%41% 0._.IMP






ME';[CW1'(MB6+]M*(NS@)_##!=!D;%?:

MKH

49))_7RD )F[LP



B-G;KV\=UL*M]
M.8]%A3?)

F&\![U0!I%T\)T+8#UTM0IXP6

RQG9\'


M%&WXMMAZ8


\H30! $[-@ 1
M        0    !J86UN+3(P
38P
3

M

M 0!J86UN+3(P
38P
3
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

M &IA;6XM
C Q-C Q

M )SD!  5                40) @!J86UN+3(P,38P,3,Q7W!R92YX;6Q0
52P4&      8 !@* 0  :5


