

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001083522-16-000081
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160324
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JONES SODA CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				911696175
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28820
		FILM NUMBER:		161527192
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 1ST AVE S.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206 624-3357
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 1ST AVE S.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	URBAN JUICE & SODA CO LTD /WY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990407












			jsda-20151231 10K FY


	

			
		

		
			


						


			


						


		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


						




 201


			


						



						


			


						



						


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


		

			
		

			

		



		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		


 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;
		

			
		


 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;
		


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-T during the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;
		

 is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#x2019;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;
		


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#x201C;large accelerated filer

		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						



						


		

			
		

			
		

June 30
 2015
 the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
$11
496
148
		

			
 2016
41
314
894
		

		
		

			
		

		
		


 to the extent not set forth herein
 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 
		
		
			


						


			


						


		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

		
		


 all references in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K to &#x201C;we
&#x201D; &#x201C;us
&#x201D; &#x201C;our
&#x201D; &#x201C;Jones
&#x201D; &#x201C;Jones Soda
&#x201D; and the &#x201C;Company&#x201D; are to Jones Soda Co.
 a Washington corporation

		


 unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires
 all references in this Annual Report to 
 including Jones


		

			
		


 strategies
 products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future
 including statements related to case sales
 revenues
 profitability
 distributor channels
 new products
 adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to continue as a going concern
 potential strategic transactions
 statements regarding future operating results and non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. In particular
 the words such as &#x201C;believe
&#x201D; &#x201C;expect
&#x201D; &#x201C;intend
&#x201D; &#x201C;anticipate
&#x201D; &#x201C;estimate
&#x201D; &#x201C;may
&#x201D; &#x201C;will
&#x201D; &#x201C;can
&#x201D; &#x201C;plan
&#x201D; &#x201C;predict
&#x201D; &#x201C;could
&#x201D; &#x201C;future
continue
 variations of such words
 and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements

		


 which are based on management&#x2019;s current expectations and projections about future events
 are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as from the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information

		


 our business
 including our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to continue as a going concern may be impacted by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 maintain and expand distribution arrangements with independent distributors
 retailers
 brokers and national retail accounts
 most of whom sell and distribute competing products
 and whom we rely upon to employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 or our ability to secure additional financing if our case sales goals take longer to a
		

				
			
		


 including potential reduced consumer demand due to health concerns (including obesity) and legislative initiatives against sweetened beverages;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 which could make management of our distribution efforts inefficient or unprofitable;
		

				
			
		


 as well as other factors affecting our supply chain including increases in raw material costs and shortages of glass in the supply chain;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 particularly between the U.S. and Canadian dollars;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 including retaining the services of our CEO
 each of which would directly affect our efficiency and operations and could materially impair our ability to execute our 
		

			
		

		

				
			
		


 which may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing effectively;
		

				
			
		


 which is critical to our success in our competitive
 brand-conscious industry;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 well-funded
 established companies currently operating in the beverage industry;
		

				
			
		


 which could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 and any actual or perceived limitations to our common stock by being traded on the OTCQB Marketplace
 including the level of trading activity
 volatility or market liquidity;
		

				
			
		


 national or global economic conditions that may adversely impact our business and results of operations; and
		

				
			
		

			


 results and prospects
 see &#x201C;Item&nbsp;1A. Risk Factors.&#x201D; Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in our other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including our periodic reports on Forms&nbsp;10-Q and current reports on Form&nbsp;8-K
 and those described from time to time in our press releases and other communications
 which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business

		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		


 201
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



Market for Registrant&#x2019;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						




 to the extent not set forth herein
 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 201



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 produce
 through our network of independent distributors and directly to our national and regional retail accounts. We also sell products in select international markets. Our products are sold primarily in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 &#x201C;up and down the street&#x201D; in independent accounts such as delicatessens and sandwich shops
 as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. We refer to our network of independent distributors as our direct store delivery (DSD) channel
 and we refer to our national and regional accounts who receive shipments directly from us as our direct to retail (DTR) channel. We do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party contract manufacturers. We also sell various products online
 including soda with customized labels
 wearables
 candy and other items

		


 a Canadian company formed in 1986. 

 Seattle

		

			
		


Jones Soda
 
		

			
		

cans
on fountain
. Equally differentiating is the bright
 colorful look of our drinks
Cream Soda
 is made with high quality ingredients

		

			
		

			
zero calories
 is an important product extension
 is sold in glass bottles

		

			
		

clear
 long-neck
 glass bottle
 with every bottle label featuring a photo sent to us by our consumers. With no artificial colors
 the soda is clear

		

			
		

beverages are classified in the sparkling beverage category
sparkling beverage category
 and in the U.S.
 is a 
 201
 as a result of raising prices
 April 17
Within the CSD segment are craft and premium sodas
 which provide consumers with an alternative to the large corporate brands and is where our Jones Soda line competes. In the U.S.
 craft and premium sodas are typically distributed through the grocery
 drug
 mass
 club
 convenience

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 we create new products and brands in the beverage industry. In 2016
 we announced two new product
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

 brand in the non-carbonated segment of the beverage industry
Lemoncocco was inspired by the refreshment stands found along the streets of Rome
 Italy
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 
by Jones
 the first premium 
		

			
		

and a half years
 we implemented substantial internal changes to our organization
 and
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 such as 7-Eleven
 Inc.
 in innovative ways
 while continuing to build our base of independent accounts;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

nternet sales of various products. We strategically build our national and regional retailer network by focusing on distribution systems that we believe will provide top-line drivers for our products and increased availability and visibility of our products in our core markets. In building and expanding our DSD channel
 we also consider international markets and look for regions that data suggests have a high affinity for the Jones brand and can be pursued within our financial resources. 
 we are focusing our efforts internationally on Ireland

		


 delivering different offerings through alternate channels. In determining the most advantageous distribution channel
 we also consider what works best for the customer
 allowing for better retail activation and in-store presence
 including seeking placement on shelves that are normally restricted to national mainstream brands and placement in the cold-aisle
 thus providing us access to the important &#x201C;take home market.&#x201D; We are selective in placing
		

December 31
 2015
continue to expand our distributor network and DTR accounts

		

			
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

national account customers of our products
 net of discounts and promotional allowances
 and all sales are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to credit issues
 quality or damage issues
 or distributor changes
 we may accept returned product
 which to date ha
		

			
		


 the United Kingdom and Costa Rica and are evaluating other international opportunities for our products. We choose our distributors based on our perception of their ability to build our brand franchise in convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and &#x201C;up and down the street&#x201D; in independent accounts such as delicatessens and sandwich shops. Typically
 we grant our independent distributors exclusive distribution rights in defined territories
 which may include invasion fees in the event we provide product directly to one of our national retailers located in the distributor&#x2019;s region. We are also obligated to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor agreements
 unless the termination is &#x2018;for cause.&#x2019; We intend to continue our efforts to reinforce and expand our distribution network by partnering with new distributors and replacing underperforming distributors. In addition to the efforts of our independent distributors in obtaining distribution of our products
 we actively seek to obtain listings for our products with key retail grocery
 convenience and mass merchandiser accounts

		


 consumer demand
 and localized store variances. Our accounts listing changes from time to time
 as new retail accounts are added and others are canceled. To find a retailer that carries our products
 our product locator is available on our website under &#x201C;
		

			
		


convenience store chains
 mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these programs
 we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and the account is serviced through the retailer&#x2019;s appointed distribution system (rather than through our DSD network). These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us

		

			
		

			
 in fountain format
to provide proprietary fountain equipment or other methods to offer fountain products. The fountain equipment is branded similarly as our traditional bottles and cans
ola
ola
 
ime
 while also offering fun flavors such as Berry Lemonade
		

			
		


 primarily in convenience stores
 grocery stores
shops
 as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. In 
 of total sales
 while sales in Canada represented approximately 
 and we had approximately 
		

			
		

			
		


 young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality in their beverage choices. While we are known for our unique and innovative flavors
 we also feature flavors that we believe have a large base of consumer appeal. Additionally
 labels
 we focus on a coherent message and call to action
 thus escaping the uniformity that we believe plagues so many other brands. We select photos throughout the year to be placed on our bottles and cans for distribution
. In that space
 consumers have the ability to customize their own label and product with a photo and short caption using a proprietary patented process. In addition to creative labeling on our products
 we provide our distributors with point-of-sale promotional materials and branded apparel items. We believe that our labeling
 marketing and promotional materials are important elements to creating and increasing consumer appeal
 as well as distributor and retailer awareness

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 including 
		

			
		


 and we have had success in creating social media hubs through forums such as Facebook
Our consumers have responded by bringing us onto their social media pages and into their lives

		

			
		


 and we select from those photos for use on our labels. Photos can be submitted through our website at our &#x201C;Jones Soda
		

			
		


 to end consumers
 bottles) that they can create with their own photos on the labels. The strategy of this program is to provide a customized and personalized product offering to our consumers as well as an innovative marketing opportunity for our Jones Soda brand. Consumers can upload their photos through our website and create their own &#x201C;myJones&#x201D; labels. The personalized labels are downloaded at our headquarters

		


 as well as provided for increased consumer interactivity with

		

			
		


 stickers
 hats and T-shirts to create and increase consumer awareness of our proprietary products and brands. In response to consumer demand
 we also sell our products and our wearables on our website. In selected cities
 we participate at a &#x201C;grassroots&#x201D; level at certain community and sporting events in an attempt to create and increase brand awareness and loyalty. We use recreational vehicles

		


 we partner with companies that will manufacture Jones-related products that we feel extend and enhance our Jones brand. We currently have a licensing arrangement with a third party to manufacture and distribute Jones Soda Flavor Booster hard candy. In addition to these marketing techniques

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 we partnered with Young Audiences to laun
 which was created to teach children about the art of photography. Young Audience&#x2019;s mission is to ensure arts remain an integral part of youth education
 with the help of organizations such as Jones Soda. We feel that it is a worthy cause directly aimed at supporting the children that make up our fan base. Customer-submitted photos are one of our key assets
 and to utilize them in a way that we can give back to the community

		

			
		

			
		


 retailers and distributors. We believe this is accomplished by keeping open dialog directly with our consumers through our website

		

 brand

		

			
		

&nbsp;&nbsp;We analyze existing and potential distribution channels
 whether DSD
 DTR or a blend of these channels. This analysis addresses
 among other things
 which companies will distribute particular beverage brands and products
 where such companies may distribute such brands and products

		

&nbsp;&nbsp;We review all aspects of production of our beverages
 including contract packing capacity
 strategic production locations
 and quality control

		

&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on our evaluation of the market
 distributors and production issues
 we create and develop the concept for a beverage brand
 product or product extension. Our technical services department then works with various flavor concentrate houses to test

		



		


 we have created and launched a new brand with its own separate identity from the Jones Soda brand
 Lemoncocco
		

			
		

			
by Jones
 the first premium 
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 products and product extensions.


 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with all non-alcoholic beverages
 most of which are marketed by companies with substantially greater financial resources than ours. We also compete with regional beverage producers and &#x201C;private label&#x201D; soft drink suppliers. Our direct competitors in the sparkling beverage industry include Dr.&nbsp;Pepper Snapple (Stewart's and IBC)
 Boylan
 Henry Weinhard&#x2019;s
 Thomas Kemper
Cola
 Pepsi
 Hansen&#x2019;s
 and other traditional soft drink manufacturers and distributors.
		


 from time to time we develop and introduce new products and product extensions
 and when warranted
 new brands
 &nbsp;
 and
 which we 
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third party bottlers and independent contract manufacturers (co-packers). We currently use primary co-packers located in Canada and the U.S.&nbsp;as well as a co-packer in the United Kingdom. Once the product is manufactured
 the finished products are stored either at the co-packer&#x2019;s location or in nearby third-party warehouses. Other than minimum case volume requirements per production run for most co-packers
 we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time

		

			
		


 flavors
 supplements
 sugar
 bottles
 cans
 labels
 trays
 caps and packaging. Substantially all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our bottle and can products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance with our specifications. These raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials

		


 flavor concentrate suppliers own the proprietary rights to the flavors. Although we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors
 we have exclusive rights to the use of the flavor concentrates developed with our suppliers. In connection with the development of new products and flavors
 independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at relatively low cost. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers

		

. The price of glass continues to increase each year due to the shortage of available glass in the industry; however

		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

For every run of product
 our contract manufacturer undertakes extensive testing of product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
 carbonation
 taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. Samples from each production run are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. For each product

		



		

			
		


 provincial
 state and local health agencies
 including in particular Health Canada
 Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) and the U.S.&nbsp;Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA and AAFC also regulate labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect to our products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place to ensure compliance with production

		


 marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other beverage container-related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax and/or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada. We anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local
 state and federal levels

		



		


 symbol) for use in connection with our products
 including &#x201C;JONES
&#x201D; &#x201C;JONES SODA CO.
&#x201D; &#x201C;JONES ZILCH
&#x201D; &#x201C;JONES STRIPPED
		


 trademark registrations expire 10&nbsp;years from the filing date or registration date
 with the exception in Canada

		



		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		


employees
employees
are employed in sales and marketing capacities
are employed in customer service

		

			
		


 we are required to file our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements on Schedule 14A and other information (including any amendments) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#x201C;SEC&#x201D;). You can find our SEC filings at the SEC&#x2019;s website at www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy such material at the SEC&#x2019;s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

We make available on or through our website at www.jonessoda.com our SEC filings free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. In addition
 the following corporate governance materials are also available on our website under &#x201C;
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 officers and employees of Jones Soda Co.
		

				
			
		

			


 

 Seattle

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 including our financial condition and results of operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business could be harmed

		

			
		

 operating plan
 our financial condition and results of operation may be materially adversely affected

		

 operating plan already reflects prior significant cost containment measures and may make it difficult to achieve top-line growth if further significant reductions become necessary. If we do not meet our case sales goals
 our available cash and working capital will decrease and our financial condition will be negatively impacted.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 if we do not meet our case sales goals
 we may be required to use our secured credit facility (which is currently available for our working capital needs)
 implement further expense reductions
 seek additional financing
 or pursue a sale or other strategic alternatives.&nbsp;&nbsp;The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute our 201
 combined with the difficult financing environment
 
		


 which may not be available when needed or may
		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however

		

ributors
 could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our products

		


 and to establish markets in new geographic distribution areas
 is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
 retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
 including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell our products is affected by competition from other beverage companies who have greater resources than we do. To the extent that our distributors
 retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products

		


 retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 retailers and brokers.


 thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 nor do we anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish
 long-term contractual commitments from some of our distributors. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover

		



		

December 31
 2015
 our top three accounts by revenue represent approximately 
. However
 we may not be able to maintain our key distributor base. The loss of any of our key distributors or national accounts
 and financial results
 could negatively impact our ability to retain our relationships with our other distributors and our ability to expand our market

		

			
		

are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. In order to reduce their inventory costs
 independent distributors typically order products from us on a &#x201C;just in time&#x201D; basis in quantities and at such times based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly
Additionally
 our larger distributors and new national partners
 like 7-Eleven Inc.
 may make orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shortages in inventory levels

		



		


 particularly for new products
 seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate distributor or retailer demand for our products
 we may end up with too much inventory
 resulting in higher storage costs
 increased trade spend and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand
 we could damage our relationships with our distributors and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities
 which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and retailers is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products

		



		


 and we do not anticipate bringing the manufacturing process in-house in the future. Our ability to maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is important to the success of our operations within each distribution area. Competition for contract manufacturers&#x2019; business is intense
 especially in the western U.S.
 and this could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement manufacturers
 or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various distribution areas
 and could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our existing manufacturers. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers
 whether in existing or new geographic distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce gross profits from the sale of our products in that area. Poor relations with any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale
 which would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition. In addition
 our agreements with our contract manufacturers are terminable at any time

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 which is customary in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies. Based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the particular geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located
 we continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers to use. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements
 or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more product inventory than warranted by the actual demand for it
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements and our inventory levels may impair relationships with our independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn

		

			
		


 aluminum cans
 labels and cardboard cartons
 aluminum closures
 flavorings
 sucrose/inverted pure cane sugar and sucralose
 and fortification ingredients which include vitamins and minerals. In addition
 certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow such contract manufacturers to increase their charges to us based on their own cost increases. These manufacturing and ingredient costs are subject to fluctuation. If our supply of these raw materials is impaired or if prices increase significantly

		

			
 helps mitigate the risk of unexpected price increases
 expires at the end of 2016. We cannot predict whether we will be able to renew our fixed price purchase commitment for glass or the terms of any new glass contract
he prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers

		


 sugar
 and other key supplies
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
 in the past there have been industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners and these shortages could occur again from time to time in the future

		

			
		


 volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in high fuel prices
With recent declines in fuel prices
 some companies have been slow to pass on decreases in their fuel surcharges.&nbsp;&nbsp;If fuel prices increase again
 we expect to experience
 Due to the price sensitivity of our products

		


 contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business

		


 through our suppliers
 business partners
 contract manufacturers
 independent distributors and retailers
 to make
 move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire or explosion
 terrorism
 pandemics such as influenza
 labor strikes or other reasons
 could impair the manufacture
 distribution and sale of our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business

		



		



		


 our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of other factors including

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		

				
			
		


 develop and expand distribution channels for current and new products
 develop favorable arrangements with third party distributors of our products and minimize or reduce issues associated with engaging new distributors and retailers
 including
 but not limited to
 transition costs and expenses and down time resulting from the initial deployment of our products in each new distributor&#x2019;s network;
		

				
			
		


 grocery store chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores
 mass merchandisers and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time;&nbsp;
		

				
			
		


 develop and expand our direct-to-retail sales channels and national retail accounts
 as well as our &#x201C;myJones&#x201D; business;
		

				
			
		


 promotion allowances and slotting fees
 promotion and selling activities
 and capital expansion
 and our ability to sustain profitability;
		

				
			
		


 well-funded and established companies currently operating in the beverage industry
 as we introduce new competitive products
 Jones Soda
 Jones Stripped
		

				
			
		

			


 our results of operations have fluctuated from period to period and may continue to do so in the future

		



		


 and continually develop other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to their flavors. Although we have the exclusive rights to flavor concentrates developed with our current flavor concentrate suppliers
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors and concentrates. Consequently
 we may be unable to obtain these same flavors or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers

		



		


 for which we receive revenues in the Canadian dollar. In addition
 a significant percentage of our costs of goods are denominated in the Canadian dollar

		


 certain financial information is required to be translated from the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar. The translation of our Canadian revenues
 cash and other assets is adversely affected when the U.S. strengthens against the Canadian dollar and is positively affected when the U.S. dollar weakens. Similarly

		

			
 the exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated drastically with the United States dollar significantly strengthening
 and is currently near a five-year low in favor of the U.S. dollar. As of 
 2016
 (compared to 0.72 as of December 31
 2015 and 0.86 as of December 31

		

			
		

 We cannot predict whether our advertising
 marketing and promotional programs will have the desired impact on our products&#x2019; branding and on consumer preferences. In addition
 negative public relations and product quality issues
 whether real or imagined

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

Our brand image can also be adversely affected by unfavorable reports
 studies and articles
 litigation
 or regulatory or other governmental action

		



		


 marketing
 product development and finance. We compete to hire new employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover
 particularly involving our key personnel
 could negatively impact our operations

		



		


 who we hired as our CEO in June 2012.&nbsp;If we were to lose the services of Ms. Cue
During 2015
 we 
		



		


 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success
 and we actively pursue the registration of our trademarks in the U.S.
 Canada and internationally. However
 the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights may not be adequate and may not prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In addition
 other parties may seek to assert infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or sell our brands

		


 we enter into licensing agreements under which we grant our licensing partners certain rights to use our trademarks and other designs. Although our agreements require that the use of our trademarks and designs is subject to our control and approval
 any breach of these provisions
 or any other action by any of our licensing partners that is harmful to our brands
 goodwill and overall image

		

			
		


 uncertainties and costs
 including distraction of management attention away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our employees and agents with all United States and local laws and regulations applicable to our business operations
 including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless
 our policies and procedures may not ensure full compliance by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties
 including substantial monetary fines

		

			
		


 particularly in Ireland
 the United Kingdom and Costa Rica
 contribute to our revenue and profitability
 and we believe that these countries and other developing and emerging markets
 present important future growth opportunities for us.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 there can be no assurance that existing or new products that we manufacture
 distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular foreign market
 due to local or global competition
 product price
 cultural differences
 consumer preferences or otherwise.&nbsp;&nbsp;There are many factors that could adversely affect demand for our products in foreign markets
 including our inability to attract and maintain key distributors in these markets; volatility in the economic growth of certain of these markets; changes in economic

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

conditions
 imposition of new or increased labeling
 product or production requirements
 or other legal restrictions; restrictions on the import or export of our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; inflationary currency
 devaluation or fluctuation; increased costs of doing business due to compliance with complex foreign and United States laws and regulations. If we are unable to effectively operate or manage the risks associated with operating in international markets
 our business

		



		


 implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business
 such as
 but not limited to
 stock-based compensation
 trade spend and promotions
 and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions
 estimates and judgments by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions

		



		


 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated
 can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results

		



		


 as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure
 we could be subject to transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 the loss of customers
 business disruptions
 or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security 
		

			
		


 attempts to gain unauthorized access to data
 and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in business processes
 unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Such unauthorized access could subject us to operational interruption
 damage to our brand image and private data exposure
 and harm our business
		

			
		

			
		


 as well as increased public scrutiny
 potential new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages
 and additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing and labeling/packing of the beverage industry. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further
 increasing public concern with respect to sweetened beverages could reduce demand for our beverages. In partial response to this public focus
Jones Soda
 Jones Stripped

		



		


 trendy
 young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality in their beverage choices. In addition

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

on acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth. If we are not successful in the revitalization and growth of our brand and product offerings
 we may not achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by independent distributors and retail consumers. Accordingly
 any failure of our 
		



		


 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
 most of which have substantially greater financial

		


 Boylan
 Henry Weinhard&#x2019;s
 Thomas Kemper
Cola
 Pepsi
 Hansen&#x2019;s and other traditional soft drink manufacturers and distributors. These national and international competitors have advantages such as lower production costs
 larger marketing budgets
 greater financial and other resources and more developed and extensive distribution networks than ours. We may not be able to grow our volumes or maintains our selling prices

		


 market-place competition
 particularly among branded beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and financial targets. As a means of maintaining and expanding our distribution network
 we intend to introduce product extensions and additional brands. We may not be successful in doing this and other companies may be more successful in this regard over the long term. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse effect on our existing markets

		



		


 products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet our consumers&#x2019; changing preferences could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary and consumers&#x2019; preferences and loyalties change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and innovate new products to introduce to our consumers
 we may not succeed. Customer preferences also are affected by factors other than taste
 such as health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns
 shifting consumer needs
 changes in consumer lifestyles
 increased consumer information and competitive product and pricing pressures. Sales of our products may be adversely affected by the negative publicity associated with these issues. If we do not adequately anticipate or adjust to respond to these and other changes in customer preferences

		

			
		


 and particularly those companies selling premium beverages like us
economic factors
 including changes in national
 regional
 and local economic conditions
 unemployment levels and consumer spending patterns
 which together may impact the willingness of consumers to purchase our products as they adjust their discretionary spending. The recent disruptions in the overall economy and financial markets as a result of the global economic downturn have adversely impacted the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada
 our two primary markets. This reduced consumer confidence in the economy has reduced consumers&#x2019; discretionary spending and we believe this has negatively affected consumers&#x2019; willingness to purchase beverage products such as ours. Moreover
 adverse economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our distributors to obtain the credit necessary to fund their working capital needs
 which could negatively impact their ability or desire to continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they have done in the past. If we experience similar adverse economic conditions in the future
 sales of our products could be adversely affected
 collectability of accounts receivable may be compromised and we may face obsolescence issues with our inventory

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

If we encounter product recalls or other product quality issues

		


 real or imagined
 or allegations of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish our image and could cause consumers to choose other products. In addition
 because of changing government regulations or implementation thereof
 or allegations of product contamination

		

			
		


 insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all product liability claims that may arise. To the extent our product liability coverage is insufficient
 a product liability claim would likely have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition. In addition

		

			
		


 marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we cannot anticipate whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise

		

			
		


 if they become applicable to one or more of our products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations
 may inhibit sales of such products. In California
 a law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. If a component found in one of our products is added to the list
 or if the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that may become available under this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may be amended
 results in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in one of our beverages produced for sale in California

		

			
		


 changing weather patterns could have a negative impact on agricultural productivity
 which may limit availability or increase the cost of certain key ingredients such as sugar cane
 natural flavors and supplements used in our products. Also
 increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities
 the operation of our supply chain or impact demand for our products. In addition
 the increasing concern over climate change may result in more regional
 federal and global legal and regulatory requirements and could result in increased production
 transportation and raw material costs. As a result

		

			
		



		


 and this volatility may continue in the future. In addition
 factors such as quarterly variations in our operating results
 litigation involving us
 general trends relating to the beverage industry
 actions by governmental agencies

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

If we are not able to achieve our objectives for our business

		


 we believe that we must

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 marketing and distribution.


ffect on our results of operations. We have incurred significant operating expenses in the past and may do so again in the future and
 as a result
 will need to increase revenues in order to improve our results of operations. Our ability to increase sales will depend primarily on success in expanding our current markets
 improving our distribution base
 entering into DTR arrangements with national accounts
 and introducing new brands
 products or product extensions to the market. Our ability to successfully enter new distribution areas and obtain national accounts will
 in turn
 depend on various factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to
 the continued demand for our brands and products in target markets
 the ability to price our products at competitive levels
 the ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors in each geographic area of distribution and the ability in the future to create
 develop and successfully introduce one or more new brands
 products

		


 including the exercise of outstanding warrants

		


 we may issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities. The issuance of these securities could dilute our shareholders&#x2019; ownership in our company and may include terms that give new investors rights that are superior to those of our current shareholders. Moreover
 any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our common stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on our shareholders&#x2019; ownership interest

		



		


 the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq system
 and there are no financial or qualitative standards that a company must meet to be listed on the OTCQB. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and trading in our common stock may be subject to abuses
 volatility and shorting. In addition
 there may be less information available concerning trading prices

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


500 square feet of retail/office space in Seattle

		

			
 sublet approximately 9
 square feet of retail/office space in Seattle
 Washington for our principal executive and administrative offices. In December 2014
 we entered into an agreement with the landlord for early termination of the sublease
 which terminated effective February 28

		

			
		

			
		


 including proceedings involving employee claims

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position

		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#x2019;S COMMON EQUITY

		

			
		


 for each quarter of fiscal 

		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 2015)



						





						&nbsp;



						




			



 2015)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2015)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2015)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			



 2014)



						





						&nbsp;



						




			



 2014)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2014)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2014)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		

			
 2016
41
314
shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 holders of record
 although there are a much larger number of beneficial owners. The last reported sale price per share on 
 2016
		

			
		


 financial condition

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;




 except per share data)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


591&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


555&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


696&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


384&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


425&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


347)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


543)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


433)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


902)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


120)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


244&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


012&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


263&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


482&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


305&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


896)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


235)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


322)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


357)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


296)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


104)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


535)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


779)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


922)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


235)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


758)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


838)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


797)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


226)


			



 net 



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


046)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


479)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


828)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


812)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


122)


			



 net 



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


120)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


540)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


893)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


903)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


154)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 net



						&nbsp;



						


612&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


094&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


498&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


396&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


675&nbsp;


			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


354&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


874&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


514&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


020&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


657&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


721&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


568&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


375&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


132&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


552&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


041
000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


012
000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


036
000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


190
500&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


301
000&nbsp;


		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 such as statements of our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. As described at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could contribute to such differences include those discussed at the beginning of this Report
 below in this section and in the section above entitled &#x201C;Risk Factors.&#x201D; You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which apply only as of the date of this Report. Except as required by law
o update any forward-looking statements to reflect new information
 events or circumstances after the date of this Report

		

			
		


 produce
 market and distribute premium beverages which we sell and distribute primarily in North America through our network of independent distributors and directly to our national and regional retail accounts. We also sell products in select international markets. Our products are sold primarily in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 &#x201C;up and down the street&#x201D; in independent accounts such as delicatessens and sandwich shops
 as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. We refer to our network of independent distributors as our direct store delivery (DSD) channel
 and we refer to our national and regional accounts who receive shipments directly from us as our direct to retail (DTR) channel. We do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party contract manufacturers. We also sell various products online
 including soda with customized labels
 wearables
 candy and other items

		

			
		

and a half years
 we implemented substantial internal changes to our organization

		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 such as 7-Eleven
 Inc.
 in innovative ways
 while continuing to build our base of independent accounts;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

December 31
 2015
		

			
		

December 31
 2015
 revenue was approximately 
$36
000
December 31
 Canadian dollar
 which resulted in translation loss on our sales in Canada
 respectively

		

December 31
 2015
 promotion allowances and slotting fees
 which offset revenue
 totaled 
$167
000
 or 
 from 
 in 
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


244&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


012&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

December 31
 2015
$232
000
December 31
December 31
 2015
December 31
 2014
		

			
		

December 31
 2015
$339
000
 or 
December 31
December 31
 2015
 model

		

			
		

December 31
 2015
$431
000
December 31
December 31
 2015

		

			
		

$74
000
$61
000
 primarily related to the tax provision on income from our Canadian operations. We have not recorded any tax benefit for the loss in our U.S.&nbsp;operations as we have recorded a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets. We expect to continue to record a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets until we sustain an appropriate level of taxable income through improved U.S.&nbsp;operations. Our effective tax rate is based on recurring factors
 including the forecasted mix of income before taxes in various jurisdictions

		

			
		

December 31
December 31
an increase in gross profit
 primarily from increased case sales as well as a reduction in our costs of production
In addition
 other income of $334
000 as a deferred rent adjustment
 due
		

			
		

December 31
 2015
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately 
000
 respectively
 and working capital of 
 respectively. 
 respectively.
		

December 31
 2015
$1
008
December 31
 2014
$656
000
December 31
December 31
 2015
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

As of the date of this Report
 we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents
 combined with our Loan Facility and anticipated cash from operations
31
. Additionally
)

		

			
 $500
000 in principal advances against purchase orders until March 31
Beginning May 31
 2016
As of December 31
 
 million
 of $908
000.
 &nbsp;
 and we expect the $500
000 
		

2014
$114
000 and 
000
 respectively

 &nbsp;
From time to time
e may receive additional cash through the exercise of stock options or warrants in the future. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all

		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives
 operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however

		



		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.&nbsp;The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis
 we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions
 or if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. Many of our estimates or judgments are based on anticipated future events or performance
 and as such are forward-looking in nature
 and are subject to many risks and uncertainties

		


 and there may be other accounting policies that are significant to us. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and our other accounting policies
 see Note&nbsp;1 
		

			
		


 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts

		


 which are established in accordance with local and industry practices
 typically require payment within 30&nbsp;days of delivery. We recognize revenue upon receipt of our products by our distributors and national retail accounts in accordance with written sales terms
 net of provisions for discounts and promotion allowances. Estimates are made based on expected delivery dates based on average freight delivery times for the zip code location. For our interactive channel
 due to the customization of the labels
 we recognize revenue upon shipment. All sales are final sales; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date
 such returns have not been material

		

			
		


 which are manufactured and procured based on our sales forecasts. We value inventory at the lower of cost or market
 which is based on estimated net realizable value
 and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory
 on a first in-first out basis. These valuations are subject to customer acceptance
 planned and actual product changes
 demand for the particular products
 and our estimates of future realizable values based on these forecasted demands. We regularly review inventory detail to determine whether a write-down is necessary. We consider various factors in making this determination
 including recent sales history and predicted trends
 industry market conditions and general economic conditions. The amount and timing of write-downs for any period could change if we make different judgments or use different estimates. We also determine whether a provision for obsolete or excess inventory is required on products that are over 12&nbsp;months from production date or any changes related to market conditions

		

			
		


 we run trade spend and promotional programs with distributors and retailers to help promote on- shelf discounts to our consumers. Additionally
 in more limited instances
 we enter into customer marketing agreements or various other slotting arrangements. The provisions for discounts
 slotting fees and promotion allowances is recorded as an offset to revenue and shown net on the consolidated statement of operations. Estimates are made to accrue for amounts that have not yet been invoiced in the month that the program occurs
 or in the case of slotting

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


Report of Peterson Sullivan LLP
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



						


			


						



						


			


Consolidated balance sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014



						


			


Consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014



						


			


Consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014



						


			


equity for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014



						


			


Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014



						


			


						



						


		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

December 31
 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive loss
 shareholders&#x2019; equity

		


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management

		


 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
December 31
 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended

		



		

			
		



		

			

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;




 except share data)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			



 net of allowance of $27 and&nbsp;&nbsp;$49



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


840&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


237&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


569&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


603&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


297&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


818&nbsp;


			



 net of accumulated depreciation of $907 and $1
399



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


354&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


874&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


786&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


375&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 current portion



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


576&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


226&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			



 no par value:



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			



000
000; issued and outstanding shares&nbsp;&#x2014; 41
314
894 and 40
972
394 shares
 respectively



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


764&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


650&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


467&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


234&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


677)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


557)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


767&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


622&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


354&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


874&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




 except share data)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


591&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


555&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


347&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


543&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


244&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


012&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


896&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


235&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


104&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


535&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


770&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


758)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


046)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


479)


			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


120)



						&nbsp;



						


540)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


171
020&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


659
392&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


120)



						&nbsp;



						


540)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


202)



						&nbsp;



						


600)


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December&nbsp;31
 
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;




 except share amounts)


			



 December&nbsp;31
 2013



						&nbsp;


710
416&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


981&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


941&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						


017)



						&nbsp;



						


260&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


261
978&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


540)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


540)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 December&nbsp;31
 2014



						&nbsp;


972
394&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


650&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


234&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


557)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


622&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


500&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


120)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


120)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 December&nbsp;31
 2015



						&nbsp;


314
894&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


764&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


467&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						


677)



						&nbsp;



						


767&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


120)



						&nbsp;



						


540)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


008)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


245)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 net of repayments



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


008&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 beginning of period 



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


464&nbsp;


			



 end of period 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 2015
		

			
		

			
		


 produces
 markets and distributes premium beverages which 
		

 operating subsidiaries

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 2015
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately 
000 and 
 respectively
 and working capital of 
 respectively. Net Cash used in operations during fiscal years 

		

December 31
 2015
 net cash provided by financing activities totaled $1
008
December 31
 2014
$656
000
$1
120
December 31
December 31
 2015
		


 we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents
 combined with our Loan Facility and anticipated cash from operations
December&nbsp;31
. Our Loan Facility (described below and in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report)

		

$3.0 million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory
$500
000 in principal advances against purchase orders until March 31
 Beginning May 31
 2016
As of December 31
 201
 our eligible borrowing base was approximately $1.4 million
 of $908
. As of the date of this report
 we have not made any principal advances against purchase orders and we expect the $500

		


 we received $114
000 and $6
000
 respectively
 from the cash exercise of stock options primarily by our CEO
 &nbsp;
ime to time
e may receive additional cash through the exercise of stock options or warrants in the future. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all

		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern

		

			
		


 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 receivables

		

			
		


December 31
 2015
 respectively

		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 beginning of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 end of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		


 which include capital and intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
December 31
 2015
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
December 31
 2015
 our revenue was reduced by 
 respectively
 for slotting fees and promotion allowances. All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date

		

			
		


$8
$33
December 31
 2015
		

			
		


 which also include promotions and sponsorships
December 31
 2015
 we incurred advertising costs of 
000
000

		

			
		


 if considered necessary. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
December 31
 2015
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
 due to the net loss
 all outstanding 
		

			
		


 including items such as non-U.S.&nbsp;currency translation adjustments. We do not provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments

		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or FASB
 issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09
o supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 or GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five steps process to achieve this core principle and
 in doing so
 it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the fiscal and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15

		


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &#x2013; Going Concern: Topic 915 (ASU 2014-15) Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#x2019;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which states that in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&#x2019;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate

		


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-2)
 Leases
 which supersedes ASC Topic 840
 Leases. ASU 2016-2 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-2 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-2 is effective for the Company beginning January 1

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


842&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


096&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


569&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


603&nbsp;


		


 as well as promotional merchandise held for sale. Raw materials primarily include ingredients

		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


424&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


399)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

			
		

 December 31
 2015
 million
further amended the Loan facility in December 2015 and January 2016. The Current term of the Loan Facility expires on December 18
 2016
 unless renewed.
		

Loan Facility
.0 million
&nbsp;or (b) the Borrowing Base which is
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) 85% of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) 35% of finished goods inventory not to exceed $300
000
 plus (iii) 50% of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed $300
As of December 31
 201
 our eligible borrowing base was approximately $
$908
 In addition
 through March 31
 2016
$500
 in principal advances against purchase orders. As of the date of this Report
 made any principal advances against purchase orders and we expect the $500

		

 May 31
 2016
 million
&nbsp;or (b) the Borrowing Base which is
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) 85% of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) 35% of finished goods inventory not to exceed $475
000
 plus (iii) 50% of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed $300
000
prime rate plus 2%
 where prime may not be less than 4%
. The Loan Facility
 as amended in December 2014
$30
000
As of December 31
 201
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Loan Facility
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


122
 Our remaining scheduled lease payments
 in interest
2
500
		

			
		

			
		


 we entered into an office building sublease for use as our principal headquarters. The sublease provided for a 
-year terms. Under the terms of the sublease
 we received a rent abatement period and a build out allowance
 years
-year renewal period
 
		


new lease were conterminous
 effective March 1
 year terms. As a result of the terminated lease
334
eferred rent balance as of December 31
 2014
24
000
		

December 31
 
 our scheduled payments
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

December 31
 2015
 we incurred rental expenses of 
$178
000
		

			
		

			
		


 as part of our registered offering
3
207
 per share
$2
245
 if all of the warrants are exercised in full for cash. The warrants are exercisable for cash or
 solely in the absence of an effective registration statement
 by cashless exercise. The exercise price of the warrants is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits
 stock dividends
 combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions
 and also upon any distributions to Company shareholders
 business combinations
August&nbsp;6
August&nbsp;6
 2017
 the expiration date
 will automatically be exercised at that time by cashless exercise

		

December 31
 2015
3
057
150
 warrants were exercised during the year ended December 31
 2015 and 2014

		

			
		

			
		


1
300
 shares
 of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors (the Board)
Effective January 1
 
8
184
032
		


 the Board may grant awards to employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors. Awards may consist of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock
 stock units

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

on the date of grant
December 31
 2015
2
853
538
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 2014



						&nbsp;


227
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


261
978)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


855)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2014



						&nbsp;


576
987&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


340
000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


500)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


667)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2015



						&nbsp;


117
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			



 December 31
 2015



						&nbsp;


087
717&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


836
707&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

December 31
 2015
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


388
070&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


363
175&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


792&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


750&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


750&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


117
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


087
717&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		
		

				
			
		

			


 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management

		

December 31
 2015
151
000
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		



		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


		

December 31
 2015

		

December 31
86
48
52
38
000
December 31
2
107
000
		

			
		


300
shares available for issuance
December 31
 2015
		

			
		

			
		

 of their eligible compensation to the 401(k) plan subject to Internal Revenue Service&#x2019;s limitations. Beginning January&nbsp;1
 2009
Effective January 1
 2014
 we modified the 401(k) plan to eliminate the safe harbor matching contribution
December 31
 2015
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 2015
1
143
000
 with no 
		

			
		


 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position

		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


059)



						&nbsp;



						


629)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


046)



						&nbsp;



						


479)


		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			



 net of federal benefit 



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			



 net 



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;





						


		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


295&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


910&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


684&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


613&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


097&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


796&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


097)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


796)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						


		

December 31
 2014
442
 as of December 31
December 31
 2015
 the valuation allowance increased 
000
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

We continually analyze the realizability of our deferred tax assets

		



		

December 31
 2015
 we had net operating loss carry-forwards for income tax purposes in the United States of 
		

December 31
 2015
		

			

		

December 31
 201
 for the U.S.&nbsp;or additional foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings from the Canadian subsidiary. It is the present intention of management to reinvest the undistributed earnings indefinitely in foreign operations. Generally
December 31
 201

		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


567&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


961&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


656&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


235&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						


591&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


555&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

December 31
 2015
 three of our customers represented approximately 

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

 is as follows (dollars in thousands

		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


893&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


262&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


763&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


674&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


053&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


890&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


879&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


375&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


411&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


050&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		



		


December 31
. Based on that evaluation
December 31
 2015
		

			
		



		


 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated can provide only reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. In addition
 the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems

		


 under the supervision and with the participation of our 
December 31
 2015
 based on the framework in 
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the COSO framework
December 31
 2015
		

December 31
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect

		

			
		
		

				
			

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

DIRECTORS

		



		


 Item 10
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#x201C;Nominees
&#x201D; &#x201C;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
&#x201D; &#x201C;Board Meetings and Committees
December 31
 2015

		

			
		


 Item&nbsp;11
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#x201C;Executive Compensation
&#x201D; &#x201C;Compensation Committee Report
December 31
 2015

		

			
		


 Item&nbsp;12
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
December 31
 2015

		

			
		

December 31
 2015
 the end of the most recently completed fiscal year
 about shares of common stock that may be issued under our Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan
 our 2002 Equity Plan (which was terminated but has awards which remain outstanding in accordance with their existing terms)
 and 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 all of which have been approved by shareholders. To date

		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;




 Warrants and Rights



						&nbsp;




 Warrants and Rights



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


117
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


153
538&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


117
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


153
538&nbsp;



						


		

			
		
		

				
			
		

2
53
&nbsp;shares available for future awards under the Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan
we may grant restricted stock awards in addition to stock options
300
 shares available for issuance under the 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Each non-employee director receives an annual stock option grant of up to 50
000&nbsp;shares of common stock
 or an equivalent grant of shares of restricted stock
 pursuant to a program administered under our Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan.
		

				
			
		


 as of January 1 of each year
 by an amount equal to the least of (a) 1
300
000 shares
 (b) 4.0% of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors
 provided that the number of shares that may be granted pursuant to awards in a single year may not exceed 10% of our outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year. As of January 1
 
 the total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Plan increased by 1
300
000 shares to an aggregate of 
84
. As of January 1
 
 the total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Plan was further increased by 1
300
000 shares to an aggregate of
84
032

			
		

			
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

		


 Item&nbsp;13
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#x201C;Transactions With Related Persons
December 31
 2015

		

			
		


 Item&nbsp;14
December 31
 2015

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		


 related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm are included in Item&nbsp;8 of Part&nbsp;II of this Report.
		

				
			
		


 or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto.
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		


 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned

		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		

			
 2016
		



		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;




 Chief Executive Officer and Director (



						&nbsp;



						
 201


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						
 201


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						
 201


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						
 201


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						
 201


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						
 201


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		



		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to our annual report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2000
 filed on March 30
 2001; File No. 333-75913.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed on November 8
 2013; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on February 2
 2012; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2014
 by and between 66 South Hanford Street Limited Partnership and Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 6
 2015; File No. 000-28820.) 


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2011
 between 1000 Master Tenant LLC and Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed on August 12
 2011; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2014
&nbsp;by and between 1000 Master Tenant
 LLC and Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 6
 2015; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2013
 by and between Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc.
 and&nbsp;&nbsp;Jones Soda (Canada) INC.
 and BFI Business Finance (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed January 3
 2014; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2014
 by and among Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc.
 JONES SODA (CANADA) Inc.
 and CapitalSource Business Finance Group
 a dba of BFI Business Finance (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed December 23
 2014; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2015
 by and among Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc.
 JONES SODA (CANADA) Inc.
 and CapitalSource Business Finance Group
 a dba of BFI Business Finance (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed January 7
 2016; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2015
 by and among Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc.
 JONES SODA (CANADA) Inc.
 and CapitalSource Business Finance Group
 a dba of BFI Business Finance (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed January 7
 2016; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2016
 by Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc. and Jones Soda (Canada) Inc. in favor of CapitalSource Business Finance Group
 a dba of BFI Business Finance. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed February 2
 2016; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2013
 made by Jones Soda Co. in favor of BFI Business Finance (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed January 3
 2014; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2013
 by and between Jones Soda Co. and BFI Business Finance (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed January 3
 2014; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2013
 by and between Jones Soda Co. and BFI Business Finance (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed January 3
 2014; File No. 000-28820.)

			
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2013
 by and between Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc. and Jones Soda (Canada) INC. and BFI Business Finance (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.5 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed January 3
 2014; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 dated as of February 1
 2012
 by and among the Company and the Purchasers (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed February 2
 2012; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Appendix B to our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 filed on April 18
 2007
 File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Annex A to our Definitive Proxy Statement
 filed on April 12
 2011
 File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 12
 2011; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 12
 2011; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.5 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 12
 2011; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 and incorporated herein by reference to
 our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A
 filed on April 18
 2007; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;




 dated August 6
 2012 (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 10
 2010; File No. 000-28820.)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;




 Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith.)


			


						



						&nbsp;




 Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith.)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;

			
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;




 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement&nbsp;&nbsp;or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

	














			Exhibit 1020


	

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 2012
 except as otherwise disclosed by the Company

		

			
		
		
			


						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						




000 (500)



						&nbsp;


			


						



						





						&nbsp;


			


						



						


500&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						





						&nbsp;


			


						



						





						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		


000 shares of common stock
 with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant and a term of ten years
 or an equivalent grant of shares of restricted stock. Effective March 3
 2009
 adopted a new vesting schedule for option awards and restricted stock grants

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 non-employee directors are reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses
 including travel
 meals and accommodation expenses
 incurred in attending meetings of the Board of Directors
 committee meetings

		

			
		
		
	














			Exhibit 211


	

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc. &#x2013; A wholly-owned subsidiary

		

			
		

Jones Soda (Canada) Inc. &#x2013; A wholly-owned subsidiary

		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
	














			Exhibit 231


	

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 333-157978
 333-109173 and 333-176386 on Form S-8 of our report dated 
 2016
 consolidated financial statements of Jones Soda Co. and subsidiaries (the Company) (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an emphasis of a matter paragraph expressing substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern)
December 31
 2015
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 Washington
		

24

		

			
		
		
	














			Exhibit 311


	

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

			
		


 

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
		

				
			
		


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
		

				
			
		


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
		

				
			
		


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
		

				
			
		


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting; and
		

				
			
		


 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#x2019;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#x2019;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
		

				
			
		


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
		

				
			
		


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting.

			
		

			
 &nbsp;
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


						



						


		

			
		

			
		
		
	














			Exhibit 321


	

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#x201C;Form 10-K&#x201D;)
 I
 
fficer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#xA7;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#xA7;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

		
		



						



						



						&nbsp;



						





						



						



						&nbsp;




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 


		

			
		
		
			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


		

			
		
		
	



















      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;8. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 27pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In February 2012
 as part of our registered offering
 we sold and issued warrants for the purchase of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;3
207
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares of common stock. Each warrant has an exercise price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; per share
 for total potential proceeds to us of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$2
245
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; if all of the warrants are exercised in full for cash. The warrants are exercisable for cash or
 solely in the absence of an effective registration statement
 by cashless exercise. The exercise price of the warrants is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits
 stock dividends
 combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions
 and also upon any distributions to Company shareholders
 business combinations
 sale of substantially all assets and other fundamental transactions. The exercise of the warrants is subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations and other restrictions set forth in the warrant documents. The term of the warrants expires on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;August&amp;nbsp;6
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:inherit;&gt;Any remaining Warrants that are outstanding on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:inherit;color:#000000;&gt;August&amp;nbsp;6
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-family:inherit;&gt;
 the expiration date
 will automatically be exercised at that time by cashless exercise
 in accordance with the terms of the warrants.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;3
057
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of the warrants remain outstanding and warrants for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares were previously exercised for cash during 2013. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; warrants were exercised during the year ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles and office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Shorter of useful life or lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment under capital lease &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Lease term which approximates its useful life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Seasonality&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Our&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; sales are seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of many factors. We historically have generated a greater percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result
 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the fiscal year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;4. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 27pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accrued Expenses &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accrued expenses consisted of the following as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Employee benefits &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;69&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Selling and marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;324&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;394&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other accruals &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;457&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;360&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;850&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;814&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Advertising costs
 which also include promotions and sponsorships
 are expensed as incurred. During the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we incurred advertising costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;42&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net charges to bad debt expense &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Write-offs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(31)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(29)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 end of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Basis of presentation and consolidation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations applicable to financial reporting. The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions between us and our subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;6. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capital Lease&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In January 2011
 we entered into capital lease agreements totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;122
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for the lease of two branded vehicles used for marketing. The leases are payable over a period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;6.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; interest. One vehicle was sold in May 2013. Our remaining scheduled lease payments
 which include &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; in interest
 are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We consider all highly liquid short-term investments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  



		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;11.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 27pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Commitments&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we continue to have commitments to various suppliers of raw materials (primarily sugar and glass). Purchase obligations under these commitments are expected to total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1
143
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 with no &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;current &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;commitments thereafter.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Legal proceedings&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We are or may be involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business
 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or liquidity.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;10.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 27pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employee 401(k) Plan&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;We have a 401(k) plan whereby eligible employees who have completed one hour of service per month in three consecutive months of employment may enroll.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; Employees can elect to contribute up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of their eligible compensation to the 401(k) plan subject to Internal Revenue Service&amp;#x2019;s limitations. Beginning January&amp;nbsp;1
 2009
 we instituted an employee match under our safe harbor 401(k) plan and match employee contributions up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of the employee&amp;#x2019;s compensation at the rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; contributed and at the rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for the next &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Effective January 1
 2014
 we modified the 401(k) plan to eliminate the safe harbor matching contribution
 to move to a discretionary contribution. There were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; matching contributions during the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and other adjustments
 including items such as non-U.S.&amp;nbsp;currency translation adjustments. We do not provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments
 as the historical earnings from our Canadian subsidiary is considered to be indefinitely reinvested.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;5. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 27pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Line of Credit&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;background-color: #FFFFFF;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;n amended and restated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt; revolving secured Loan Facility with&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;CapitalSource Business Finance Group (previously known as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;BFI Business Finance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;&gt; (&amp;#x201C;CapitalSource&amp;#x201D;). As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt; December 31
 2015
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;the&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt; maximum aggregate amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt; available for borrowing under the Loan Facility was&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt; million
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;We &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;further amended the Loan facility in December 2015 and January 2016. The Current term of the Loan Facility expires on December 18
 2016
 unless renewed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Under this&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Loan Facility
 we may periodically request advances equal to the lesser of: (a) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
&amp;nbsp;or (b) the Borrowing Base which is
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;85%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of finished goods inventory not to exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 plus (iii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed $300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;(&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;subject to any reserve amount established by CapitalSource&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 our eligible borrowing base was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 for which we had an outstanding balance of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$908
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; In addition
 through March 31
 2016
 we may request up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; in principal advances against purchase orders. As of the date of this Report
 we have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;not&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; made any principal advances against purchase orders and we expect the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; purchase order line to expire unused.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; May 31
 2016
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; our borrowing base under the Loan Facility will increase to the lesser of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;: (a) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
&amp;nbsp;or (b) the Borrowing Base which is
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;85%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of finished goods inventory not to exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$475
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 plus (iii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 subject to any reserve amount established by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;CapitalSource&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Advances under the Loan Facility bear interest at the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;prime rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 where prime may not be less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 and a loan fee of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;0.15%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; on the daily loan balance is payable &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;monthly&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. The Loan Facility
 as amended in December 2014
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;provides for a minimum cumulative amount of interest of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; per year to be paid to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;CapitalSource&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 regardless of whether or not we draw on the Loan Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;CapitalSource has the right to terminate the Loan Facility at any time upon &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; days&amp;#x2019; prior written notice.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; All present and future obligations of the Subsidiaries arising under the Loan Facility are guaranteed by us and are secured by a first priority security interest in all of our assets. The Loan Facility contains customary representations and warranties as well as affirmative and negative covenants. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we were in compliance with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;all&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; covenants under the Loan Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014
 we modified the 401(k) plan to eliminate the safe harbor matching contribution
 to move to a discretionary contribution. There were no matching contributions during the years ended December 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Net loss per share&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic net loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods. Diluted earnings per share is computed by adjusting the weighted average number of common shares by the effective net exercise or conversion of all dilutive securities. In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 due to the net loss
 all outstanding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;stock &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;options and warrants are anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Fair value of financial instruments&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 line of credit and payables approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of other long-term liabilities approximated fair values because the underlying interest rates approximate market rates at the balance sheet dates.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The functional currency of our Canadian subsidiary is the Canadian dollar. We translate assets and liabilities related to these operations to U.S.&amp;nbsp;dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the date of the consolidated balance sheet; we convert revenues and expenses into U.S.&amp;nbsp;dollars using the average monthly exchange rates. Translation gains and losses are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Long-lived assets
 which include capital and intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. The fair value of the assets is estimated using the higher of discounted future cash flows of the assets or estimated net realizable value. Long-lived assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows when evaluating for impairment. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. There are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; unamortized intangible assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;12. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 24pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The provision for income taxes consisted of the following for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;29&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Provision for income taxes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;74&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;61&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Loss before provision for income taxes was as follows for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
059)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
629)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;150&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
046)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
479)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate and the provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal statutory rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Effect of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Permanent differences &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.52)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(7.68)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(3.99)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.63&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Change in valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(28.79)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(29.40)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other
 net &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(7.78)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.84)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Provision for income taxes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(7.08)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2.29)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred income taxes were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
295&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
910&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Capital assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;146&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Intangible assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventory adjustment and reserve &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;57&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Tenant improvement allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 3.25pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;99&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Stock-based compensation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
684&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
613&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(35)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total deferred tax asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21
097&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20
796&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(21
097)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(20
796)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net deferred tax asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;We continue to experience significant losses in our U.S.&amp;nbsp;operations that are material to our decision to maintain a full valuation allowance against our net U.S.&amp;nbsp;deferred tax assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;This is due to the fact that the relevant accounting guidance puts more&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; weight on the negative objective evidence of cumulative losses in recent years than the positive subjective evidence of future projections of pretax income. For the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 the valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;increased by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;442
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; The&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; amount of the excess tax deductions from stock based compensation arrangements that is allocated to contributed capital if the future tax benefits are subsequently recognized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; as of December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. For the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 the valuation allowance increased &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We continually analyze the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 but we reasonably expect to continue to record a full valuation allowance on future U.S.&amp;nbsp;tax benefits until we sustain an appropriate level of taxable income through improved U.S.&amp;nbsp;operations and tax planning strategies.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;No valuation allowance was recorded for deferred tax assets recorded in the Canadian subsidiary
 as this subsidiary remains profitable.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we had net operating loss carry-forwards for income tax purposes in the United States of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;57.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; which expire at various times commencing in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. Net operating loss carry-forwards may be subject to certain limitations under Section&amp;nbsp;382 of the Internal Revenue Code.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;There are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; uncertain tax positions to recognize as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The tax years that remain open to examination by the taxing authorities are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;#x2013; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 generally. The net operating losses from prior years are subject to adjustment under examination to the extent they remain unutilized in an open year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;A provision had not been made at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 for the U.S.&amp;nbsp;or additional foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings from the Canadian subsidiary. It is the present intention of management to reinvest the undistributed earnings indefinitely in foreign operations. Generally
 such earnings become subject to U.S.&amp;nbsp;tax upon the remittance of dividends and under certain other circumstances. If we were to declare a dividend for the cumulative earnings of the Canadian subsidiary as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 the resulting withholding tax provision would not be material to our financial condition or results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We account for income taxes by recognizing the amount of taxes payable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences of events at enacted tax rates that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;2. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 27pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventory consisted of the following as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Finished goods &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
842&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
096&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Raw materials &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;727&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;507&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
569&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
603&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Finished goods primarily include product ready for shipment
 as well as promotional merchandise held for sale. Raw materials primarily include ingredients
 concentrate and packaging.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or market and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory. Cost is based on actual cost on a first-in first-out basis. Raw materials that will be used in production in the next twelve months are recorded in inventory. The provisions for obsolete or excess inventory are based on estimated forecasted usage of inventories. A significant change in demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for obsolete inventory. Provisions for obsolete or excess inventory are recorded as cost of goods sold.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;7. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 27pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Lease Obligations&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In June 2011
 we entered into an office building sublease for use as our principal headquarters. The sublease provided for a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;-year term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; with an option to extend for up to three additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;-year terms. Under the terms of the sublease
 we received a rent abatement period and a build out allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; amortized over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years
 the initial &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;-year term plus one additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;-year renewal period
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;as&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; the reasonably assured rental period given the economic consequences of an earlier move. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In December 2014
 we &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;entered &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;into &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;a new lease agreement for a new office location and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;we &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;entered into an agreement for the early termination of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;the office building sublease without any penalties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The effective date for termination of the sublease and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;start of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;new lease were conterminous
 effective March 1
 2015. The term of the new lease is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years with an option to extend for additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; year terms. As a result of the terminated lease
 we recorded a favorable deferred rent adjustment of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;334
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to other income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;during 2014. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;T&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;he &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;d&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;eferred rent balance as of December 31
 2014
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;24
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;was amortized to rent expense during 2015.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;scheduled payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; under the new lease agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating Lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;137&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;140&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;144&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;149&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;595&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we incurred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;rental expenses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;131
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$178
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we may periodically request advances equal to the lesser of: (a) $3.0 million
&#xA0;or (b) the Borrowing Base which is
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) 85% of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) 35% of finished goods inventory not to exceed $300
000
 plus (iii) 50% of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed $300

  

 2015

  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Recent accounting guidance&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or FASB
 issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;t&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;o supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 or GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five steps process to achieve this core principle and
 in doing so
 it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the fiscal and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented within the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#x2013; Going Concern: Topic 915 (ASU 2014-15) Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#x2019;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which states that in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&amp;#x2019;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). The adoption of this update did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-2)
 Leases
 which supersedes ASC Topic 840
 Leases. ASU 2016-2 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-2 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-2 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not determined the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-2 will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating Lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;137&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;140&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;144&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;149&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.82%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:03.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.54%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:21.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;595&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Reclassification of Prior Period&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-year presentation.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;3. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 27pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fixed Assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets consisted of the following as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;378&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;378&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements and equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;190&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;698&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;376&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;348&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;944&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
424&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accumulated depreciation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(907)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
399)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and depreciated on the declining balance basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles and office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Shorter of useful life or lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment under capital lease &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Lease term which approximates its useful life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;378&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;378&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements and equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;190&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;698&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;376&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;348&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;944&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
424&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accumulated depreciation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(907)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
399)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;14. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 24pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Selected Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Summarized quarterly financial information for fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; is as follows (dollars in thousands
 except per share data):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2015 quarter:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
893&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
262&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
674&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Gross profit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;742&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
053&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;949&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;501&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Loss from operations &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(229)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(92)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(438)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(278)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(116)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(179)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(545)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic and diluted loss per share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.00)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.00)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2014 quarter:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
890&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
879&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
375&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
411&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Gross profit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;693&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;872&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
050&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;397&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Loss from operations &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(510)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(402)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(177)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(669)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(539)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(429)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(233)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(339)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic and diluted loss per share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Numbers may not sum due to rounding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
 slotting fees and promotion allowances. For the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 our revenue was reduced by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;respectively
 for slotting fees and promotion allowances. All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date
 such returns have not been material.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Employee benefits &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;69&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Selling and marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;324&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;394&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other accruals &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;457&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;360&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;850&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;814&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;28&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;29&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Provision for income taxes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;74&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;61&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;19
295&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18
910&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Capital assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;146&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Intangible assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventory adjustment and reserve &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;57&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Tenant improvement allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 3.25pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;99&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Stock-based compensation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
684&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
613&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(35)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total deferred tax asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21
097&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;20
796&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(21
097)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(20
796)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:71.20%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net deferred tax asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.36%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.24%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal statutory rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;34.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Effect of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Permanent differences &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.52)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(7.68)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(3.99)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.63&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Change in valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(28.79)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(29.40)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other
 net &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(7.78)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.84)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Provision for income taxes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(7.08)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2.29)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=5 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income statement account:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Selling and marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;General and administrative &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;184&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;248&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;233&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;293&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
059)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
629)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;150&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
046)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1
479)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Finished goods &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
842&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
096&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Raw materials &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;727&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;507&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
569&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
603&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2015 quarter:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
893&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
262&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
763&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
674&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Gross profit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;742&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
053&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;949&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;501&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Loss from operations &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(229)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(92)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(438)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(278)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(116)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(179)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(545)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic and diluted loss per share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.00)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.00)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 9pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:9pt;&gt;Q4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2014 quarter:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
890&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
879&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
375&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
411&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Gross profit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;693&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;872&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
050&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;397&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Loss from operations &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(510)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(402)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(177)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(669)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(539)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(429)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(233)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(339)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:46.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic and diluted loss per share &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.48%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.01)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:11.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:11.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:11.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:11.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
567&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
961&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Canada &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
656&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
235&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other countries &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;368&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;359&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total revenue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
591&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
555&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total fixed assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Outstanding Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance at January&amp;nbsp;1
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
227
820&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;775
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options exercised &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
261
978)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.30&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options cancelled/expired &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(163
855)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
576
987&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.58&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
340
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options exercised &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(342
500)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options cancelled/expired &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(456
667)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.41&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
117
820&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.54&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
087
717&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vested and expected to vest &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
836
707&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.55&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=7 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Expected dividend yield &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Expected stock price volatility &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;85.5&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Risk-free interest rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.8&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Expected term (in years) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.4&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Weighted-average grant date fair-value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;13. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 24pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Information&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; operating segment with operations primarily in the United States and Canada. Sales are assigned to geographic locations based on the location of customers. Geographic information for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:11.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:11.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:11.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:11.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
567&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
961&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Canada &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
656&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
235&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other countries &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;368&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;359&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total revenue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
591&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
555&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.26%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total fixed assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our customers represented approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;33%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;37%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively of revenues.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
388
070&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8.17&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
363
175&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;571
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.82&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;565
792&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.82&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;95
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;95
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;63
750&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.35&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.28&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;63
750&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.35&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.28&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
117
820&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7.50&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.54&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
087
717&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.65&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Shipping and handling amounts paid to us by customers are primarily for online orders
 included in revenue and total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;8
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;33
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;1. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Jones Soda Co. develops
 produces
 markets and distributes premium beverages which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;it&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; sell&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and distribute&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; primarily in the United States and Canada through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;its&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; network of independent distributors and directly to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;its&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; national and regional retail accounts.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We are a Washington corporation and have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; operating subsidiaries
 Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc. and Jones Soda (Canada) Inc. (Subsidiaries).&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Basis of presentation and consolidation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations applicable to financial reporting. The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions between us and our subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Liquidity &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively
 and working capital of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively. Net Cash used in operations during fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; mil&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;lion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively. Net Cash used in operations decreased primarily due to improvements in our net loss. Our cash flows vary throughout the year based on seasonality.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;For the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 net cash provided by financing activities totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1
008
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; primarily from timing and usage of the line of credit and to a lesser extent &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;stock &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;option exercises. This compares to net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 which totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$656
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 primarily from stock option exercises. We incurred a net loss of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1
120
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. Our accumulated deficit increased to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$60.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; compared to the prior year&amp;#x2019;s deficit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$59.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of the date of this Report
 we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents
 combined with our Loan Facility and anticipated cash from operations
 will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December&amp;nbsp;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. Our Loan Facility (described below and in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report)
 is available for our working capital needs. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We have an amended and restated revolving secured credit facility (the &amp;#x201C;Loan Facility&amp;#x201D;) with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;CapitalSource Business Finance Group (previously known as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;BFI Business Finance). The Loan Facility currently allows us to borrow a maximum aggregate amount of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;plus an additional amount of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; in principal advances against purchase orders until March 31
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; Beginning May 31
 2016
 our borrowing base under the Loan Facility will increase to a maximum aggregate amount of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;As of December 31
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 our eligible borrowing base was approximately $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million
 for which we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;an&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; outstanding balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$908
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;. As of the date of this report
 we have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;not&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; made any principal advances against purchase orders and we expect the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; purchase order line to expire unused.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During 2015 and 2014
 we received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$114
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively
 from the cash exercise of stock options primarily by our CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;but also including several of our directors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; officers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and employees. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;From t&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;ime to time
 w&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;e may receive additional cash through the exercise of stock options or warrants in the future. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all
 of any of the outstanding stock options or warrants.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We may require additional financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require
 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern
 which contemplates that we will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize assets and settle liability commitments in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that could result should we be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies
 and forecasts supporting the going concern assumption and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We consider all highly liquid short-term investments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Fair value of financial instruments&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 line of credit and payables approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of other long-term liabilities approximated fair values because the underlying interest rates approximate market rates at the balance sheet dates.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Our accounts receivable balance includes balances from trade sales to distributors and retail customers. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance for doubtful accounts based primarily on historical write-off experience. Account balances that are deemed uncollectible
 are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Allowances for doubtful accounts of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively
 are netted against accounts receivable. Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts consists of the following for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;42&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net charges to bad debt expense &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Write-offs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(31)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(29)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 end of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or market and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory. Cost is based on actual cost on a first-in first-out basis. Raw materials that will be used in production in the next twelve months are recorded in inventory. The provisions for obsolete or excess inventory are based on estimated forecasted usage of inventories. A significant change in demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for obsolete inventory. Provisions for obsolete or excess inventory are recorded as cost of goods sold.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and depreciated on the declining balance basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles and office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Shorter of useful life or lease term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment under capital lease &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Lease term which approximates its useful life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Long-lived assets
 which include capital and intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. The fair value of the assets is estimated using the higher of discounted future cash flows of the assets or estimated net realizable value. Long-lived assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows when evaluating for impairment. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. There are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; unamortized intangible assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The functional currency of our Canadian subsidiary is the Canadian dollar. We translate assets and liabilities related to these operations to U.S.&amp;nbsp;dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the date of the consolidated balance sheet; we convert revenues and expenses into U.S.&amp;nbsp;dollars using the average monthly exchange rates. Translation gains and losses are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
 slotting fees and promotion allowances. For the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 our revenue was reduced by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;respectively
 for slotting fees and promotion allowances. All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date
 such returns have not been material.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Shipping and handling amounts paid to us by customers are primarily for online orders
 included in revenue and total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;8
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;33
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Advertising costs
 which also include promotions and sponsorships
 are expensed as incurred. During the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we incurred advertising costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We account for income taxes by recognizing the amount of taxes payable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences of events at enacted tax rates that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Net loss per share&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic net loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods. Diluted earnings per share is computed by adjusting the weighted average number of common shares by the effective net exercise or conversion of all dilutive securities. In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 due to the net loss
 all outstanding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;stock &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;options and warrants are anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and other adjustments
 including items such as non-U.S.&amp;nbsp;currency translation adjustments. We do not provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments
 as the historical earnings from our Canadian subsidiary is considered to be indefinitely reinvested.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Seasonality&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Our&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; sales are seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of many factors. We historically have generated a greater percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result
 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the fiscal year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Reclassification of Prior Period&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-year presentation.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Recent accounting guidance&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or FASB
 issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;t&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;o supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 or GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five steps process to achieve this core principle and
 in doing so
 it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the fiscal and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented within the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#x2013; Going Concern: Topic 915 (ASU 2014-15) Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#x2019;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which states that in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&amp;#x2019;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). The adoption of this update did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-2)
 Leases
 which supersedes ASC Topic 840
 Leases. ASU 2016-2 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-2 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-2 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not determined the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-2 will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:6pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;9.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 30pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shareholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Under the terms of our 2011 Incentive Plan (Plan)
 the number of shares authorized under the Plan may be increased each January 1st by an amount equal to the least of (a) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1
300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares
 (b) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors (the Board)
 provided that the number of shares that may be granted pursuant to awards in a single year may not exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Effective January 1
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 the total number of shares of common stock authorized under the Plan increased to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;8
184
032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Under the terms of the Plan
 the Board may grant awards to employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors. Awards may consist of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock
 stock units
 performance awards or other stock or cash-based awards. Stock options are granted at the closing price of our stock on the date of grant
 and generally have a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;-year term and vest over a period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; with the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; cliff vesting &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; from the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;grant date and monthly thereafter. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2
853
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares of unissued common stock authorized and available for future awards under the Plan.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table style=width:100%; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top align=left style=width: 18.00pt; display: inline;&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;
				&lt;font style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;;&gt; (a)&lt;/font&gt;
			&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;Stock options:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;A summary of our stock option activity is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:23.25pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at January&amp;nbsp;1
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4
227
820&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;775
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options exercised &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
261
978)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.30&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options cancelled/expired &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(163
855)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
576
987&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.58&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
340
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options exercised &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(342
500)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options cancelled/expired &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(456
667)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.41&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
117
820&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.54&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
087
717&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Vested and expected to vest &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
836
707&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.38%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:18.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.55&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable under our stock incentive plans at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:54.75pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
388
070&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8.17&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
363
175&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;571
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.82&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;565
792&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.82&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$2.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;95
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;95
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$3.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$3.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;63
750&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.35&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.28&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;63
750&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.35&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.28&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.14%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
117
820&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7.50&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.54&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.90%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
087
717&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.76%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.65&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:08.68%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.62&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table style=width:100%; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top align=left style=width: 18.00pt; display: inline;&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;
				&lt;font style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;;&gt; (b)&lt;/font&gt;
			&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;Stock-based compensation expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Stock-based compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line attribution method over the employees&amp;#x2019; requisite service period. We recognize compensation expense for only the portion of stock options or restricted stock expected to vest. Therefore
 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management
 additional adjustments to stock-based compensation expense may be required in future periods.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 we had unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;151
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to be recognized over a weighted-average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;years. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation expense (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=5 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Income statement account:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Selling and marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;General and administrative &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;184&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;248&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62.84%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;233&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;293&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;We employ the following key weighted-average assumptions in determining the fair value of stock options
 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the simplified method to estimate the expected term of &amp;#x201C;plain vanilla&amp;#x201D; options:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=7 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected dividend yield &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected stock price volatility &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;85.5&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Risk-free interest rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.8&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected term (in years) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.4&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-average grant date fair-value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.25&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;During the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 no material modifications were made to outstanding stock options. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;86
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;48
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and for options exercisable was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;52
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;38
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 respectively. The intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options is calculated as the quoted market price of the stock at the balance sheet date less the exercise price of the option. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;107
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;Employee &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;Stock Purchase Plan:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;In May 2007
 our shareholders approved our 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) which allows eligible employees to acquire shares of our common stock at a discount. The ESPP includes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;shares available for issuance
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; amounts have been issued under the ESPP through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Liquidity &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively
 and working capital of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively. Net Cash used in operations during fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; mil&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;lion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively. Net Cash used in operations decreased primarily due to improvements in our net loss. Our cash flows vary throughout the year based on seasonality.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;For the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 net cash provided by financing activities totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1
008
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; primarily from timing and usage of the line of credit and to a lesser extent &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;stock &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;option exercises. This compares to net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 which totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$656
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 primarily from stock option exercises. We incurred a net loss of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1
120
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. Our accumulated deficit increased to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$60.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; compared to the prior year&amp;#x2019;s deficit of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$59.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of the date of this Report
 we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents
 combined with our Loan Facility and anticipated cash from operations
 will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December&amp;nbsp;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. Our Loan Facility (described below and in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report)
 is available for our working capital needs. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We have an amended and restated revolving secured credit facility (the &amp;#x201C;Loan Facility&amp;#x201D;) with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;CapitalSource Business Finance Group (previously known as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;BFI Business Finance). The Loan Facility currently allows us to borrow a maximum aggregate amount of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;plus an additional amount of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; in principal advances against purchase orders until March 31
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; Beginning May 31
 2016
 our borrowing base under the Loan Facility will increase to a maximum aggregate amount of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;As of December 31
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 our eligible borrowing base was approximately $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million
 for which we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;an&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; outstanding balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$908
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;. As of the date of this report
 we have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;not&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; made any principal advances against purchase orders and we expect the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; purchase order line to expire unused.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During 2015 and 2014
 we received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$114
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively
 from the cash exercise of stock options primarily by our CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;but also including several of our directors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; officers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and employees. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;From t&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;ime to time
 w&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;e may receive additional cash through the exercise of stock options or warrants in the future. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all
 of any of the outstanding stock options or warrants.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We may require additional financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require
 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern
 which contemplates that we will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize assets and settle liability commitments in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that could result should we be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Our accounts receivable balance includes balances from trade sales to distributors and retail customers. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance for doubtful accounts based primarily on historical write-off experience. Account balances that are deemed uncollectible
 are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Allowances for doubtful accounts of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively
 are netted against accounts receivable. Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts consists of the following for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;42&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net charges to bad debt expense &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Write-offs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(31)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(29)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 end of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;27&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;49&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:13pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:7pt 0pt 0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies
 and forecasts supporting the going concern assumption and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


295$ 18
910Capital assets  2 146Intangible assets  5 6Inventory adjustment and reserve  49 57Tenant improvement allowance  - 99Stock-based compensation  1
684 1
613Other  62 (35)Total deferred tax asset  21
097 20
796Valuation allowance  (21
097) (20

  
  
  
  































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    


    
    




    
    








    
    



 Net







    






    




    



 Plant and Equipment

    

 net of accumulated depreciation of $907 and $1


 Plant and Equipment





    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    
    




    










    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    



 Value


 no par value: Authorized &#x2014; 100
000
000; issued and outstanding shares &#x2014; 41
314
894 and 40
972
394 shares





    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    
    















 Shares






 Shares









    



 Goods

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    
    
    
    




    
    




    


    


    
    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    







 Value

    



 Share-based Compensation

    



 Net of Tax

    


    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    



 Plant

    



 Plant

    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment

    




    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    



 Plant


 Plant

    




    




    


    
    


    
    



 Stock Options

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest

    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    
    

















 Allowance for Credit Losses

    



 Allowance for Credit Losses

    









 Plant and Equipment



    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    









 Plant and Equipment






 Finished Goods

    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment





    




    




    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    























 Periodic Payment

    




    




    




    



 Borrowing Capacity

    


    
    
    



 Borrowing Capacity

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    


    
    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Operating Leases






 Operating Leases













    
    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    




    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    






    










    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
























    


    
    




    



 Award Vesting Rights

    



 Award Vesting

    




    



 Nonvested Awards

    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized

    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range







    



 Shares

    



 Options


 Options




 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding
 Number


 Outstanding
 Number




 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 Vested and Expected to Vest




 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period






 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

    










    


    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    
    


    
    






    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee






 Employer Matching Contribution

    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    


    
    




    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    









 Deferred Tax Asset

    


    
    
    


    
    



 State and Local

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 State and Local

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    



 Continuing Operations


 Continuing Operations





    



 Other Reconciling Items

    



 Nondeductible Expense

    










    










    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    




    



 Property

    




    




    






    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    
















    




    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 18
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015


























































  2015












































































496
148



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



314
894









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
















Accounts receivable
 net of allowance of $27 and $49

840


237





569


603












297


818



Fixed assets
 net of accumulated depreciation of $907 and $1
399















354


874












786


375
























Capital lease obligations
 current portion








576


226































Common stock
 no par value: Authorized &#8212; 100
000
000; issued and outstanding shares &#8212; 41
314
894 and 40
972
394 shares
 respectively

764


650





467


234












677)


557)





767


622





354


874




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























For a classified balance sheet
 the cumulative difference between the rental income or payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense
 by the lessor or lessee
 respectively
 more than one year after the balance sheet date.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20



























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




















399










Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

314
894


972
394



Common stock
 shares outstanding

314
894


972
394







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.


















































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











591


555





347


543





244


012












896


235





104


535





000


770







758)










Other income
 net








046)


479)



Income tax expense
 net








120)


540)












171
020


659
392

































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











120)


540)



















202)


600)







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Beginning Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013

710
416











Beginning Balance at Dec. 31
 2013

981


941




017)


260



Exercise of stock options
 shares

261
978








261
978





































540)


540)
















Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014

972
394








972
394



Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2014

650


234




557)


622



Exercise of stock options
 shares

500








500





































120)


120)
















Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2015

314
894








314
894



Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

764


467




677)


767







This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











120)


540)







































































































008)


245)




















































Proceeds from line of credit
 net of repayments








008



















Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of period



464



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of period
























































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
















































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other assets used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current assets
 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.





















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity
 if longer).




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		


 produces
 markets and distributes premium beverages which 
		

 operating subsidiaries

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 2015
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately 
000
 respectively
 and working capital of 
 respectively. Net Cash used in operations during fiscal years 

		

December 31
 2015
$1
008
December 31
 2014
$656
000
$1
120
December 31
December 31
 2015
		


 we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents
 combined with our Loan Facility and anticipated cash from operations
December&nbsp;31
. Our Loan Facility (described below and in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report)

		

 million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory
$500
 in principal advances against purchase orders until March 31
 Beginning May 31
 2016
As of December 31
 201
 million
$908
. As of the date of this report
$500
000
		


$114
000
000
 respectively
 from the cash exercise of stock options primarily by our CEO
 &nbsp;
ime to time
e may receive additional cash through the exercise of stock options or warrants in the future. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all

		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern

		

			
		


 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 receivables

		

			
		


December 31
 2015
 respectively

		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 beginning of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 end of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		


 which include capital and intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
December 31
 2015
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
December 31
 2015
 our revenue was reduced by 
respectively
 for slotting fees and promotion allowances. All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date

		

			
		


8
33
December 31
 2015
		

			
		


 which also include promotions and sponsorships
December 31
 2015
 we incurred advertising costs of 
000
000

		

			
		


 if considered necessary. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
December 31
 2015
		

			
		

			
 due to the net loss
 all outstanding 
		

			
		


 including items such as non-U.S.&nbsp;currency translation adjustments. We do not provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments

		

			
		

 sales are seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of many factors. We historically have generated a greater percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or FASB
 issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09
o supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 or GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five steps process to achieve this core principle and
 in doing so
 it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the fiscal and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15

		


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &#x2013; Going Concern: Topic 915 (ASU 2014-15) Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#x2019;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which states that in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&#x2019;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate

		


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-2)
 Leases
 which supersedes ASC Topic 840
 Leases. ASU 2016-2 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-2 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-2 is effective for the Company beginning January 1

		
		
	













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


842&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


096&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


569&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


603&nbsp;


		


 as well as promotional merchandise held for sale. Raw materials primarily include ingredients

		
		
	



































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


424&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


399)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

 December 31
 2015
 million
further amended the Loan facility in December 2015 and January 2016. The Current term of the Loan Facility expires on December 18
 2016
 unless renewed.
		

Loan Facility
 million
&nbsp;or (b) the Borrowing Base which is
 in the following priority
 of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
$300
000
 of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed $300
As of December 31
 201
 our eligible borrowing base was approximately 
$908
 In addition
 through March 31
 2016
$500
 in principal advances against purchase orders. As of the date of this Report
$500
000
		

 May 31
 2016
 million
&nbsp;or (b) the Borrowing Base which is
 in the following priority
 of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
$475
000
$300
000
 subject to any reserve amount established by 
 where prime may not be less than 
. The Loan Facility
 as amended in December 2014
$30
000
As of December 31
 201
 we were in compliance with 
		

			
		
		
	



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		


122
 interest. One vehicle was sold in May 2013. Our remaining scheduled lease payments
 in interest
2
500
		
		
	







The entire disclosure for capital leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 the following: a) the basis on which contingent rental payments are determined; (b) the existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses; (c) restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		


 we entered into an office building sublease for use as our principal headquarters. The sublease provided for a 
-year terms. Under the terms of the sublease
 we received a rent abatement period and a build out allowance
 years
-year renewal period
 
		


new lease were conterminous
 effective March 1
 year terms. As a result of the terminated lease
334
eferred rent balance as of December 31
 2014
24
000
		

December 31
 201
 our 
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

December 31
 2015
131
$178
000
		
		
	







The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		


 as part of our registered offering
3
207
 per share
$2
245
 if all of the warrants are exercised in full for cash. The warrants are exercisable for cash or
 solely in the absence of an effective registration statement
 by cashless exercise. The exercise price of the warrants is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits
 stock dividends
 combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions
 and also upon any distributions to Company shareholders
 business combinations
August&nbsp;6
August&nbsp;6
 2017
 the expiration date
 will automatically be exercised at that time by cashless exercise

		

December 31
 2015
3
057
150
 warrants were exercised during the year ended December 31
 2015 and 2014

		
		
	













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		


1
300
 shares
 of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors (the Board)
Effective January 1
 
8
184
032
		


 the Board may grant awards to employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors. Awards may consist of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock
 stock units
 performance awards or other stock or cash-based awards. Stock options are granted at the closing price of our stock on the date of grant
December 31
 2015
2
853
538
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 2014



						&nbsp;


227
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


261
978)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


855)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2014



						&nbsp;


576
987&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


340
000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


500)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


667)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2015



						&nbsp;


117
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			



 December 31
 2015



						&nbsp;


087
717&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


836
707&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

December 31
 2015
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


388
070&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


363
175&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


792&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


750&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


750&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


117
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


087
717&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		
		

				
			
		

			


 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management

		

December 31
 2015
151
000
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		



		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


		

December 31
 2015

		

December 31
86
48
52
38
000
December 31
2
107
000
		

			
		


300
shares available for issuance
December 31
 2015
		
		
	



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

 of their eligible compensation to the 401(k) plan subject to Internal Revenue Service&#x2019;s limitations. Beginning January&nbsp;1
 2009
Effective January 1
 2014
 we modified the 401(k) plan to eliminate the safe harbor matching contribution
December 31
 2015
		
		
	







The entire disclosure for an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans
 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

			
		

December 31
 2015
1
143
000
 with no 
		

			
		


 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position

		
		
	













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


059)



						&nbsp;



						


629)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


046)



						&nbsp;



						


479)


		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			



 net of federal benefit 



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			



 net 



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;





						


		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


295&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


910&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


684&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


613&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


097&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


796&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


097)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


796)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						


		

December 31
 2014
442
 as of December 31
December 31
 2015
 the valuation allowance increased 
000
		



		



		

December 31
 2015
 we had net operating loss carry-forwards for income tax purposes in the United States of 
		

December 31
 2015
		

			

		

December 31
 201
 for the U.S.&nbsp;or additional foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings from the Canadian subsidiary. It is the present intention of management to reinvest the undistributed earnings indefinitely in foreign operations. Generally
December 31
 201

		
		
	



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


567&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


961&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


656&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


235&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						


591&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


555&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

December 31
 2015
 &nbsp;

		
		
	



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

 is as follows (dollars in thousands

		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


893&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


262&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


763&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


674&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


053&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


890&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


879&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


375&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


411&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


050&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		

			
		
		
	







The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements.  The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		

December 31
 2015
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately 
000
 respectively
 and working capital of 
 respectively. Net Cash used in operations during fiscal years 

		

December 31
 2015
$1
008
December 31
 2014
$656
000
$1
120
December 31
December 31
 2015
		


 we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents
 combined with our Loan Facility and anticipated cash from operations
December&nbsp;31
. Our Loan Facility (described below and in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report)

		

 million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory
$500
 in principal advances against purchase orders until March 31
 Beginning May 31
 2016
As of December 31
 201
 million
$908
. As of the date of this report
$500
000
		


$114
000
000
 respectively
 from the cash exercise of stock options primarily by our CEO
 &nbsp;
ime to time
e may receive additional cash through the exercise of stock options or warrants in the future. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all

		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern

		
		
	






			
		


 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies

		
		
	






			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		


 receivables

		
		
	






			
		


December 31
 2015
 respectively

		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 beginning of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 end of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		
		
	






			
		


 which include capital and intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
December 31
 2015
		
		
	






			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		


 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
December 31
 2015
 our revenue was reduced by 
respectively
 for slotting fees and promotion allowances. All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date

		
		
	






			
		


8
33
December 31
 2015
		
		
	






			
		


 which also include promotions and sponsorships
December 31
 2015
 we incurred advertising costs of 
000
000

		
		
	






			
		


 if considered necessary. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
December 31
 2015
		
		
	






			
		

			
 due to the net loss
 all outstanding 
		
		
	






			
		


 including items such as non-U.S.&nbsp;currency translation adjustments. We do not provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments

		
		
	






			
		

 sales are seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of many factors. We historically have generated a greater percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result

		
		
	






			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		


 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or FASB
 issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09
o supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 or GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five steps process to achieve this core principle and
 in doing so
 it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the fiscal and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15

		


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &#x2013; Going Concern: Topic 915 (ASU 2014-15) Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#x2019;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which states that in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&#x2019;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate

		


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-2)
 Leases
 which supersedes ASC Topic 840
 Leases. ASU 2016-2 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-2 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-2 is effective for the Company beginning January 1

		
		
	
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
 -Paragraph 3
 4





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 beginning of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 end of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	





		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		
		
	







Schedule Of Property
 Plant
 And Equipment Useful Lives [Table Text Block]
























































Tabular disclosure of financing receivables (examples of financing receivables include loans
 trade accounts receivable and notes receivable) and activity in the allowance for credit losses account.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


842&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


096&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


569&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


603&nbsp;


		

			
		
		
	



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


424&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


399)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	



































Tabular disclosure of a lessee's leasing arrangements including: (1) the basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (2) the existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (3) restrictions imposed by lease arrangements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 (4) rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.  Disclosure may also include the specific period used to amortize material leasehold improvements made at the inception of the lease or during the lease term. Additionally
 for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year: (a) future minimum rental payments required as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) the total of minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 and (c) for all operating leases
 rental expense for each period for which an income statement is presented
 with separate amounts for minimum rentals
 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals. Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 2014



						&nbsp;


227
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


261
978)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


855)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2014



						&nbsp;


576
987&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


340
000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


500)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


667)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2015



						&nbsp;


117
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			



 December 31
 2015



						&nbsp;


087
717&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


836
707&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	





		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


388
070&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


363
175&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


792&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


750&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


750&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


117
820&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


087
717&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		
		
	





		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	





		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


		

			
		
		
	
































































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Tabular disclosure of the number of fully vested share options (or share units) and share options expected to vest at the date of the latest statement of financial position
 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term for both options (or share units) currently outstanding and options (or share units) exercisable (or convertible).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	





		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


059)



						&nbsp;



						


629)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


046)



						&nbsp;



						


479)


		

			
		
		
	





		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			



 net of federal benefit 



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			



 net 



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;





						


		

			
		
		
	





		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


295&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


910&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


684&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


613&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


097&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


796&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


097)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


796)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						


		

			
		
		
	



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


567&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


961&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


656&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


235&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						


591&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


555&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	







Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments
 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


893&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


262&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


763&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


674&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


053&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


890&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


879&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


375&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


411&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


050&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		
		
	







Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



































































































































000








000








000


000




464
000





700
000








600
000








700
000


600
000

























008
000


245
000

























008
000


000









000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


120
000


540
000









677
000








557
000








677
000


557
000

























000


000









000








000








000


000




















































500
000


600
000

























000


000

























000


000


























































































000
000
















000
000











400
000
















400
000











000
















000









Loan Facility [Member] | CapitalSource [Member] | Scenario
 Forecast [Member]











































































200
000





























































000
















000




























































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
























































Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Financing Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Losses [Roll Forward]






Balance
 beginning of year




















Balance
 end of year











































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Estimated useful lives
 Rate









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Estimated useful lives
 Rate









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Estimated useful lives
 Rate









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Estimated useful lives
 Rate









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Estimated useful lives
 Rate








Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











842


096










Inventory
 Net

569


603



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross



424







399)



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net













Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross













Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross













Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations
 excluding pension and other postretirement benefits
 incurred through that date and payable for perquisites provided to employees pertaining to services received from them. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015



















































Line of credit
 Borrowing capacity description



 we may periodically request advances equal to the lesser of: (a) $3.0 million
&#160;or (b) the Borrowing Base which is
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) 85% of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) 35% of finished goods inventory not to exceed $300
000
 plus (iii) 50% of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed $300
000 (subject to any reserve amount established by CapitalSource).



Line of credit
 Interest rate description



 where prime may not be less than 4%



Line of credit
 Covenant compliance



 2015
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Loan Facility.



Line of credit
 Covenant terms






Monthly loan fee
 percentage










000







000
000







400
000







000



































000



Loan Facility [Member] | Scenario
 Forecast [Member]















200
000














000






















































Loan Facility [Member] | Canada | Scenario
 Forecast [Member]






















000























000








































































Line of Credit Facility
 Borrowing Capacity
 Percent of Accounts Receivable




























Line of Credit Facility
 Borrowing Capacity
 Percent of finished goods inventory

























































Description of the credit facility's borrowing capacity including discussion of how the borrowing capacity is determined (for example
 borrowing capacity based on the amount of current assets).
 -Paragraph 19
 22



























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.





























 -Paragraph 19
 22




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Period remaining on line of credit facility before it terminates
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 31
 2011
Dec. 31
 2015











000






























500

































































Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2014
Jun. 30
 2011
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014













Operating leases
 term of contract










Operating leases
 renewal term










Rent abatement and build out allowance
 amortization period


















000









000











000











000











000











000











000











000











000


000

























Rent abatement and build out allowance
 amortization period
































Rent abatement and build out allowance
 amortization period














Rent Abatement and Build Out Allowance
 Amortization Period




























The cumulative difference between the rental payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense over the term of the leased property by the lessor or lessee
 respectively.




























Gain (loss) related to the termination of a contract between the parties. The termination may be due to many causes including early termination of a lease by a lessee
 a breach of contract by one party
 or a failure to perform.




























Term of the lessee's leasing arrangement renewal
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Term of the lessee's leasing arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Feb. 29
 2012













Number of securities called by warrants
 class of warrants







207
500






















245
250



Warrant
 expiration date

  2017











057
500















000









Class of Warrant or Right
 Potential Additional Proceeds




























Class of Warrants or Right
 Exercised




























Class of Warrant Or Right
 Date On Which Warrants Or Rights Terminate






















































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Jan. 01
 2015






















000
















Options outstanding
 intrinsic value

000


000





Options exercisable
 intrinsic value

000


000





Total options exercised
 intrinsic value

000


000























Common stock
 authorized shares





184
032



Common stock
 authorized shares increase

300
000







Common stock
 authorized percent increase























































853
538































































000




















Common Stock
 Authorized Increase Percent






















































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Sum of the allocated
 committed-to-be-released and suspense shares of the entity held by the plan.




























Estimated period over which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the equity-based payment award
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.














































































































































































 -Paragraph 29
 30















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding






Options
 Outstanding
 Number
 Beginning Balance

576
987


227
820



Options granted
 Number of Shares

340
000


000



Options exercised
 Number of Shares

500)


261
978)



Options cancelled/expired
 Number of Shares

667)


855)



Options
 Outstanding
 Number
 Ending Balance

117
820


576
987



Options
 Exercisable
 Number of Shares

087
717





Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Number of Shares

836
707





Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning Balance






Options granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Options exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Options cancelled/expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending Balance






Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price



























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.


















































































































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]






117
820















087
717


















Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]




Exercise price
 lower limit




Exercise price
 upper limit






388
070















363
175


















Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]




Exercise price
 lower limit




Exercise price
 upper limit






000















792


















Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]




Exercise price
 lower limit




Exercise price
 upper limit






000















000


















Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]




Exercise price
 lower limit




Exercise price
 upper limit






750















750































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]




















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]




















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]

















Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
















































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair-Value





















































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
















Maximum employee contribution percentage
 not to exceed the limit as defined in the Code








 2014
 we modified the 401(k) plan to eliminate the safe harbor matching contribution
 to move to a discretionary contribution. There were no matching contributions during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.










































































































































































































































































Description of the terms and benefits provided by the employer's defined contribution plans. A defined contribution plan provides benefits in return for services rendered
 provides an individual account for each participant
 and has terms that specify how contributions to the individual's account are to be determined rather than the amount of benefits the individual is to receive. Under a defined contribution pension plan
 the benefits a participant will receive depend solely on the amount contributed to the participant's account
 the returns earned on investments of those contributions
 and forfeitures of other participants' benefits that may be allocated to such participant's account. A description of the plan(s) including employee groups covered
 the basis for determining contributions
 and the nature and effects of significant matters affecting comparability of information for all periods presented.




























A description of the nature and effect of any significant changes affecting comparability of defined contribution plans
 such as a change in the rate of employer contributions
 a business combination
 or a divestiture.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























143
000







Amount of the recorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









Valuation allowance
 commentary

295$ 18
910Capital assets  2 146Intangible assets  5 6Inventory adjustment and reserve  49 57Tenant improvement allowance  - 99Stock-based compensation  1
684 1
613Other  62 (35)Total deferred tax asset  21
097 20
796Valuation allowance  (21
097) (20
796)Net deferred tax asset $-$-We continue to experience significant losses in our U.S.&#160;operations that are material to our decision to maintain a full valuation allowance against our net U.S.&#160;deferred tax assets.














700







100






































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























Describes the facts and circumstances that resulted in an assessment that it is more likely than not that all or a portion of that deferred tax asset will not be realized. Includes in this description the following: (1) the amount of taxable income and the periods over which it must be earned to allow for the realization of the deferred tax asset; (2) actual levels of past taxable income; (3) reasons for significant differences in actual levels of past taxable income and pretax book income; and (4) known trends
 events or transactions that are expected to affect future levels of taxable income.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




















































































































































































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











059)


629)












046)


479)




































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Effective Income Tax Rate
 Continuing Operations
 Tax Rate Reconciliation [Abstract]



























State income taxes
 net of federal benefit













Other
 net


























































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











295


910

































684


613



Other
 assets






Other
 liabilities








097


796





097


796














Deferred Tax Assets
 Tenant Improvement Allowance




















































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)

















































































































Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








































































































































674


763


262


893


411


375


879


890


591


555


























































































591


555


























































































567


961


























































































656


235






















































































































Major customer
 percentage























































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014



























674


763


262


893


411


375


879


890


591


555









053






050






244


012























758)





















120)


540)




























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

@A   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
W:S4[C


M;ZIPN/%OG1E;AN;']6\[ROD_7LO!3=S:X2KH1W-08'NR
95C;;49CXWJT87-

MRI09!4HL@H4606*K )%5H$BJT15:+(*E%DE2BR2A19)8JL$D56B2*K1)%5
MHL@J4615*+(J%%D5BJP*15:%(JMD56AR*I09%4HLBH461L461L461L461L4
M61L469M76=GT!XZ+GU!+ P04     7@7A(2'4%[L4    K @  P   %]R

\E
QXY#$B_?N.

(9Y;AFWE89.D\
M^(GT%V-NFM[2ENW)4] '_K

MX5NQN( 
W\\XB15GE4VV36\ V6-CQ0;$3-7F[D.]J-PD'&5AZ6Q &.F;=^-'




MXSM02P


WYNQ9]Z
S$#H5G^N9 S*
-!D$W&A^VA\:*R
B?N.H_T51%3?
M(D3@;BA51 U^JJ4CPY#Y


M


!ST+YU29_Y2*[$[[1/1Z


Y23
M9Z#I
+ Y27?([(.S97XS*^J=*H5-8M_



O8V]R92YX;6S-DTU/
MPS 



M2P




M
B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1










QK!1J\;=8=HTCQZ









9FV-J/D3@H\W/[O#;#Q([A[8N_ 5!+ P04     7@7A(*QSBQ#D

M
-C*H/FP;T6V95N@%T^6






MX[DJ



M8Q6





MBI
L248]P]_V0XIGBX'^!..%DT_BGB\FT3!BO'7Z2BHGS5WXB^CVT;6#\*

M600W.K[XU[^)230: O!)6KF02KK-).K^*^%[


M6 1)$0YL).[C@I0B4O@.:._CQG;1LMF2S1A@$RA H.PITH:L&@7($RH\


MG-$U+
1+KK(3F&:4L*<X&BN9$$KBM4!V
^$\/-M_I(0




28/Y^U(*_\Y

MKT

^-=J2/U#Z
MKCH_3NLP5CF0FAR%H'EXTYVI*Y5)$G^

!?(I


_W B[ D

M![$T_0LOPI*DSQ$@=AAJ1_J
D'D_^JC17QW&8

M
K?B@5G0


M965T
BYX;6R-ETUSFS 0AO\*XWL+NT@(




M?I3ZU)'[8#3_8

44Q7%YTKJMJS#14_KTD?:TY!M+[

M@NY8C*L-=X.\'9

F8-NRM;.TS6


@9DDS2913I-332K5;1_\2&H



MEJ?6\MUVD3DN



MHZ/1A1M2N+D87F85T8*U2EA9[L@2LD;7_;AX0XHWR7


RYX;6R-E=^.HR 4QE_%^  #_JF6QIK
N-GL7FPRF8O=
=KP/!&GVX6.TJY!13(+?'1FE
M
P\


M):DX_=/5JM6P

M&Q
MM%TQ;5VFW

!YVP9



M='

!#]*XA[%X^-^5@ED39457NHM.JA/;.)DZ %


M=6J:LONS%K4\+T




H@HT\M7IH5:ZK



!#]*Q;W
M+F 2R$8$*6&U:@^55GMHSTXR6AM3&TG;/]]_0'$1&C3_8


M$Q2YS;V)(N


'B&AE)*V:<


MV*/CN0*ECTCPXPK)4
&%V\3O(7O


M12T7T6


M
6XR1=Z2

MM\
4'$=Q\0]02P

_4IVDO.I/I17M-

_^%8A_D#D Y UP$;@9@'8O 9C=# Z@%P#
M*+T90'4 _924W0Q@.H!= P8^'GLU='J5=_E\VLASU)[R?OW!DZ*;/H=*'+5#
MLF:<0-7K5MU]GV<PC=_[/!I! [*P$.1#EA:?<C*0H@/65L(]2$;V%7)%8C
M]0X7789+QN$B,Y[;)<:(Q8C4 X)3#@F!.PIAIQ VZ5V(3X6PD8ABK(4?-32

,G,$;N/DNY*B D*X8X0
M;@A)O376W%PM0$GB51*F@EI21TMJ-07YRJQ2LPSSSN FQ 2%9(Z0S!+B[<HB
M,XJ0).,(NU:F&W,3#$JQ-'4[XR&*.)=NQK21H(9]<[5TL)2A+W5Q:%7!?6
MB\.'FA&J=]+[&0

MP#MSFR 4%N/N
X#O

K\=F79KW2YZXL:O6E<=IS

APDH^);



MXCI5_FOZ+NKQ^S+]$D=S

O
M3GO*A]D6C[V\&8+TD9UVC-9

MP

@
(XC.:LHD

-BF0N?)#)@R0C!
MNMS
HCF5

@F% &0: ^N$'!4P^V91CE$Z RB61\MG(A6R0

MS(4D$5G@!RA^ !5@?$VS 1

60L5KDJ)
(











*C!]O#J6
M-#AIE[9TJVZW\SZ/9_(*KZN1]_3FUYH2T[H_

MH7









L:=(5BY1-524/E:(\I

AP*J2K;Q&*-!6H8&VCV]V^P.14!$P(N R9[%)'@_(KZ&Y+'9TRQ8  FU




+:(#;R*[NJ:D]^]G
M322T+H0W/C;I2J7$X; \D/655N]02P
$%     @ EX%X2/#:
^NA 0  L0




E-
M)[0E1W3^9.
QM(@.O(GLZIJ2WK^?-9'0NA!^\[%)5RHE#H?E@:ROM/H-4$L#

M=#$R+GAM;(53RV[;
!#\%8(?$
U#<WN  VO]IT2CN



M+BAPOYSA :0



FMX;M;YZKC;%MF3G(#1C$N5XA5D1S*M_
MVB*GU_3\@IY_3=\N]&URN+UR6'PM4P11(H_C=BPARO


$%     @ EX%X2!1M%7JA 0  L0




(FR!8H[3Q2^K1.E0SA1+%/](J



8-27/\[@L3Q0#=T+CR+

P(YHJ _T=K

MK5?@;CG#'4CIA5SCUTGSO:4GKN-9_2%
Z]R?N($[E']%95MG-J&D@IH/TC[C

%N@E7



QU(@6G(GD:D=)Z][/


!#\%8(?$
JR



M =ZN]D?
MBX(@-\)GL1D^#]A/@2DH?F0+-@ 234+BAPOYSA#J0
0K[QWUGSK64@7L:+

TR^81]@%P1JEC5]2C]:A6BB4*/Z:


MW'16W)YT\V'D.+Z




MM)T+!586;.'50H&V C4QT.SI[6IWV 1$!/P1



Y)PS9WPI1C2OM@-P

6:K#A2W5]B#]G\:-(H[GYJ6V=X KR-)299GV3537&A:%K'V
M9

M)B BX$7 :


(]RC^B=ITWFU%20\


M%GYSTPIMR1&=/]EX# VB V\BN]I2TOGWLR02&A?&Q^;=*52XK?'\CR2LMW







(#RI^B=8



MX]6QI





M%R@6@2()%/\;
6%.MYC]/TW8U9XJ
%V\.I;4.&J7MG2MKK?S/H]G\@ZORH%W


A=E2*F[\'D#CM:4Z7


HAPN
N



P$/T5RQ^


5MUH+B]PAZT_].@4=SYU+3
]@9X'4E*LCS+?C#%A:9E

MVATV 1$!?P6

U4RA1

\Z





XLY
M][GE?U!+ P04     7@7A(H*TZPK$!   6!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M=',O<VAE970R,RYX;6R-5%MOFS 4_BN6?T#-)5G7B UG:;M85+5A_79@0-8
M]879)K3_OKX A2I2]Q+;A^]V=.P4H](OI@.PZ%5P:8ZXL[8_$&*J#@0U-ZH'
MZ;XT2@MJW5&WQ/0::!U(@I
L2;X109G$91%JC[HLU& YD_HD1F$H/KM!%R-
M1YSBN?#$VL[Z BD+LO!J)D :IB32T!SQ?7HX[3TB /XR&,UJCWSVLU(O_O[

ZQB_W-Y-M.N$;)D^%[









5MUH(6]P0%Z_Z=!HX7SJ6F9'0R(.I*T8CS+OC$M9$_+



MEE=:O@-02P
$%     @ EX%X2//*3Y^D 0  L0





M
TIJ:


=BX42%F0A5=S<IR


]Z?(!IA%T0K+2P\8NJ
MP3HM9PI&DKVEE:NXCND/_371OB;0B4 7POYG-)X:19N_F6-E8?2(;
_V6T.
M'FZB%=&-JJ9-+TW:GWU4E*:%^02A9,HIS6F,V(%[]RQ847]/INL7W].U
MWR:'VW7W7?:]0#X+Y$D@OQIQ=SUBPIRN



MO=BN'?@YJ#:FM@G=V\\'H! A93?8_OE./]A.!R'?50V@T2=GK3KA6NON2(C*

MYU3^/0
3PPGO\%1X:ZI:VP+)4C+SBH9#JQK1(@GE3_MCN?$(AS@=P.#6LR1
MS7X1XMTN?A8G'-@(P#75H&:X0K/P)@5

&(TT\_-JT;!_\FCD;:

=-\DN3%)5@+[39
U
M)KXQ(8LMR$%6[J0IE(N^U7X'SM7Y
#^%;@M_P;.THQ7\HK)J6H4N0IN#X'9M
M*80&$R)X




*$:5#46/9R 72V(4

Z=_VHMJ=+&^ARY0D8&J-S[^@*F%Q B6



M
?\N.&BX




YX;6R%4\MNVS 0_!6'Q#*LNP$ABP@3E&TAP)!





M;.%50D%G!'9$0WV@=YO]
?.( /@C8#2KF'CO)\07G_RJ#C3Q%D!:;T=\L9

M@B5*$[ZD'(Q%-5

MF)[[L]OL'5Q[$:=


$B9<SL; 0  @7   9


!)$@Y



M$0W+_%3-%O/AV?=Z

7/1
MAPEQF]R2C;R]3.E&WOE&4\*1GO%PK
6ADI_R-E_

M'C0#83V^(5TQ-]W3]P4F:!Z^]TP2@P?

R


ME1
;RY(H+ACK=KW(!%NIL)0PVSMQ[;Q8WM582BAB8JS+P+5%H&A::FA5Y2






M/07I




MO1WR/N#^V$I[OD1W+\CP?(WN-N


$%     @

!2-*'\4EE*T


2+^[H'R;AO$P1!XJR^5
H&P
MR





M&^5^Y3$Z3JH=-M?M(;[7$\P-G+M

N0+M+7K1
MS:KTC!T/%

$%     @ EX%X2$ O&Y@@
8W0V)$K.(JR







M3U@-$FCM2)QA$H89YK3K@[)PM1=9%N*L6=?#BT3JS#F5?YZ B7$?1

MK;8%7!;XRJL[#KWJ1(\D-/O@


M8._
S?5
=M$8(#48JO#-:K;E3K@F#
M1MLP-['TOYE/M!CF2^-Z<Y5_ 5!+ P04     7@7A(M[]RKT   #R!P


M



M6@.45NN7Q*




$%     @ EX%X2.1SP2+D 0  1@4

M'QWKY2%HE!KV&



NKKM[J


MO.CK#S5DB-J.YW7W7]O=ZD;7=R&^%XA/_IM5G;;:_])&@[#[ -@& #W 4Q\
M.8 / SAQ/K.NES?9/7RTI?O?HLVZO-'HV\:HN8RE[=5:OZK\LDJ\W9]S4/


DH5+JW&-&T\.RV%AB<.<&*1

+RHT

$%     @ EX%X2
F#Q-?Y 0

M@$:?G#5J$U5:MVN

%16P5JEAOL@3$K9(Q_]YIW



S=V#Z?W!CYCU==
M/7BL H]DUF
U]

M2]TH=!#:=*5KH;
0&DP5\8MYM
H



M970T


MZD\BU)?9TA?0,:D6
&=6ZN_$'EV7*Z^Y7X89-Z;,NHUI-.L@8(;9K-


 BT
M00 
8AA2:U90D]@TZWN:NT%(T@(#%)K$*)D#5(^-4@D1$D A!LA4#-C.\M
M-B Q
/ A)-;OAM8T6N

M/:B+DWF1S$Z89N8T9WQV?Z_H[CKS9X;+8 G
QH:% TIVWBU.2D@!-_;D&0

M%VML6=_(5;/FS?[/#L71_JS:(]EPYTM$W+2ZL:B V.RM3H06[Y)&?L\:&B






MC$D\
0$@@@ ^44TR

MEE&Z:)1-[V8)L7N(V$\1@4SZ7U9OT@H(9A?=A+ESI-=&F$XP[HY]_@7H5G*'




!#]E2@?T


MZ%








D9FY

M



M971S+W-H965T-#
<][G!'-R\BOO7\6)
1F\MTTG-N%)RO-C%(G=





MT B'/H/25!XWP'-#N/R5E%T/L)DCE!
B9(K 29#8G'
D9--Y:1$IQ1XM.5
MIBZ!D% 8WP=*':#4! *Q%R@UC !*8O7G!3)UA*2F[8/=GBPQ0.\/-CP^8(2
MF-[@L7008I1%8^

L(
M89^J=%2K




P81 L*



J=0K+D@QMD''&65K*
M_U;*K*6R#7*

.%
MT?OS[N*TQ;G\U!+ P04     7@7A(T CD6A8  !:!@  &0   'AL+W=O



V
M]LG::VGSA* E!#W!C[\DATA?! B4ZEU9NKZ@27.4LX:)&JLW[:_57N190R
M$D:-VW:IRH2*WK
H6J7N70NUF
!@#D.

]K@/1T7$RP)1)Q!9@6@DD(Q-)K8
BZEL&6$XA\E'F$VX;&0U
;(:&5DO


K2X%?S2@3Z
1NE;37J8_VXW(?ZL_
MB1_T&#6CX&3I36^PB_
KV4ET)%)-5#


;&C.V$Z=O7/T P\C2;8)MSSOT








$%     @ EX%X2)R#U.=_ @  #PH









+LIYA

BVA
IS#A'&(_C_C2Q
HR

M71AEELU7B05R*!-@%R

1W<JGS1ET:



M+GAM;(63VV[;


F/!+P&A7-@F]'Q%?@_.CW=
LM  23BX0
MN%^N\ 12!I O_&=B_B\9A&M[IG^+T_KNC]S$\K?HG6];S:CI(6.7Z1[P?$[
M3-L O$TL8O.5VL0S5+*%'\+:UQW5

MJ0V.Q X\W%V^\^DF0#R9V$@S:7K?J/71:U-M'VIV#: I)TD.ZYQB4RXYS/
_
M+%+





LZQ.&\]7;AYE!HA '\:6$0SAKI[$?&







*ZMH(Q'$6=:CIPZI48Z^T*LF5MTV/7VG KEV'Z+\M
M;LFP#I/P/O#6G

Y[0AGO2
O4;[*^

MQF.8/P, 6 *2+(O ^ 8 #\#4C533:;F]0UQ5)64# &[(+G;R4K(J301S@%3
M;E0OEY@9$Z.W*ET697231J,&*,W6U23(A+NWA0@M



YF
M&(K:KYB%R!R(S(* =HI
0V1&K#T26I3 N%CC-S!RV

#T
M

HB8N2









+RJN0C(Z41Q$\:==V\ZL@_WRZHVT;4(P

MF




BYX;6R-55V/HR 4_2O$
M'S#B5VL;:U+=3&8?-IG
P^XS;6DU ^(K;/_?@$_*H:9SHO ]9QSST6\9!WC
M[Z+6((/2AJQ\RHIVZWOBV.%*1)/K



9$+4WZ&
M^=1(LJ@DL03BQP*K124K2R!Q5F)C5LY*;
SZL9'UPLC:$DB=1FS
QFG$P@3P
8 *&Q,[C=B8Y+&1 Z<Z/9V
MWY/-VFG% B6!^Y@L0

%O%7QF




MVK63. $-8&H[8?KVM3')V


F


M_FTJ5^+O


M.ORNKTT_74=])P_G




O8&(+!M@V
MJ8:)#1OH4E2F L3I8XQD@9%8&$Z376*8)$X
4[$(EU I!9$Y-R8U+(D9/
ME398XQL@9%9&+'MH34[6^/$R P




M




 A (+)@$ $!+8!2 0@

#9!:RTGWP1M
M9 @$.#8FE6B4M+G'30LUTT)EZ1#3PG@
%4-
R$I&H'D!_E\E&5$9'TVDC292
M1A-:*

M0:M#=P2OG2T[ETW_.CNT#L?\!\B/1UK[(YBM@:%] V9)?XC_EE_
3^F!_DBK
M0U;6SCMKVF-9=X#:

S'\

M='
'3I1G'O)]ZN5)6KB34=?V7$Y&XEIG:<&?


KEG](FYKKKI VH![D57=K[._5K7(
M[Q+7R9._\IH6W?4F_XE\)8



9@
MB \.[;=#L_NDX
]'/[R/?BAG0:B[QX;XA^\1L(R M0A:@ YATF*)%+(?E&$(
MFNE0R&@(07

].9V)[HDIGK3. 3
-EAQA&
M$+/4F3!F$+.RDOD0M-:AB(')-CI#[2DDF:U1$,(8@G8&Y =#WE%JF45ULR+0
M+*IE^8%#$)KI$-BCN1$F!D=F83 (@:8O#8A2$%H94,! 1]=FSWS8+0,B 6C[
MUH 8H:!=5DTD&N 7L_QBFE\1N/I,F5&P_?55*R(S:P$7EKD)!12%@:$[#FD





M[D?1_CP\^0]02P
$%     @ EX%X2+_HI!RH50  4D! !0   !X;]S:&%R


M\&=Y\V5U7V;ILKK-LLW=ZLMAOS_]\B[-U[^*M^O\K]OLHMBN-W__J\ED^*O?


MW_WV2WR)7QP


KA
MCV?#4QKPV7A6'^/U^A





M_FZ@R'EP::[S11

 3CP^FH7HY


M@)NL^082.L+EGX+$%P&Q)(C\#

FHW4K]MH=H(KP86OH*#RF_6PI\7CS%J




MAPPE^W
SY-N]0W;+3.TF@$$O_ADV$OV^6

X&;T)1

J7.6P'@52#X]''J_-CE


MC@W*.#

MS[H7GP-RYTAX!/ZLFB#)QJ7. 5L1RELQ!\-8]G5S#MDJ!\4Y%6@&!]R+OLZ!

]O7L

(C74)/8#WC]!


M%.2VQUX$BJU_!$G9LN5L$R_J[A

;$%KO8')8)4P/I.\:UX]SPO[NLHS7T1A@3;*T<OTZE*8\G E1\NL6H $
M@(@&4LL#+0UN*[E2)CA?H






M;SM3S8


!4!V=[\J'C/D


M\+&&XZLV)!R&20E9S

M%P=$;@'?PYK)+R?JB--?[^%5[QD^(YBY^2$QE4WJ%+9BL :BD
!1;BEME\





N(7RN?F@3ZE54&R)(


 D29##TK9UNK=NN_EK-6@%AP^4)&2%D
M*U

A[!7

M$
;&-.JVA(_!+QYH/NQ8S[%'P$Q1ZR*2K6$55Q+UM3CEL




''7IX32JR
M53




_[L4 *MQ^1AYVMTYQ
M

SUZB1;I%N%V*S:FU2



M=NR'EZ 7&7AXRJ-K@A$&9)C/NE.2 M('I$Z ?&KWN










N._;E

MJ=A+Y138@S=_K '!A/FA++MFJT_)KB01:I8L+7N+*04/@@)[YH

M )KTHO

M%F]P




_1Q;*6(=97Z/C&.2




M%:(\4'07
*CRCG.K22P599@0V7'\DN&R $C/L\ 0 6+%]48.!.0C 05%**\)
MMRAJ5X&16-^Z\ +AEGS'3S;%7\R1A3A= Q:A(1)/Q27L7(L%-?0D0$[)
^



M27^6.(6+$..B6%.FJ7B#+U3

MXA0J#-^@1;DPHSM\_B_;Y0T1 +*(N- 05 AIQ2Y(%Z;0.*3F8;LE@5+G7^*3







M0!!/U)P-8%*E)(PC5Q3]H?$BBZ^2V\H:ZV]//YC@+-XAGNKG@XZL7VR3!L



+C^.C''_XM
M&!3K('1EO$^8;7?FW(<U''PV?&<^/ZP+D-54ETFK E [NI:M$&TU(GNX$4^






B

MY&P*]C)9P[
0'ENA

MWT=#D!&\!K2;C*_Y'#0L!9PA)FIDG;\#6B ;#5X3 ()I.ZP6R+GP/$\3I^
MT@0#BDZ_=FDXN=:M9-


[9PC@7K9D
M4&.CO9


MOFC$^*%U/BU7.4568
3-ZP:G:YPY$+6'^AV6 \-?!'8]R=.HA:\5^E19*1



KM<?B\6\2S83(<3Y+AI$]U]EBDE#@U
M'\BHDY+0@)6(7 $&)A!M#SOS&B52%66





M?RVNR





M^8U[_?@+7;;%LM81)KAT)&E/IW?W67+G WZ+'+EAPSXP)FF8 =+8Y]#7A9


%&
M]Q.-DC@N S#0;I[T^W9-K-P&8LKN



;CV

;C:)P

MJ$\RB2)+=

CH[Y[9($SKD )_))E'WAT
!T!
M[?TX#@*^_6%FFDT3:GTV1V=DK+FIPUE@4


_IBYLE8V


MW,G'E#I[-;=Q\\5\PQ2-G'OO1-E-14#A8OL6#

MJ)Y#:J4!'R9]@/_H##3XTWYTUI
3&YTBH@':#DXGT6EOY+[%-P;TZJ#7GT63
M4[(#1!

M6BL


*.J9S8J-NOIU7MNXA5*B!*M6D66$(O/#DEG764ZDWV1?<V&\DI-?
MD&'91$(-J[(FSWD&[#,O2BJ@0_8$QE]3_=Y-5$D-S:JMB;)K#Z2.PGZC(2U


_[XB=T])[
MDZB[W7@$XG T'&/0XQ!X&/P[&V&$&Z-4+03BN^RQ:P_*U3=?2JA@60:@*L


%TM)-177'E_W1;XEQ23#(RRHA9T


M:+JV(AAKVFST1K)(;NL%5Z'P%0!X9&)\U&UC7198[^W238CI_)QF*=E=TCB7


MXY&&1U

G'157
ML



M*875YUP;*;A[0(*+$NFWV;\[0(Z6J;5B*3J;))&3QU$J4TQA6V*%9-/P4H9R

M-TN&
[0Z#



FBI;?:]'HH)RAR8PEFB%-FCZ  2LB!R/QT-)/S@KK93U+BM
M!$Z^S*1_AQCEV4C18E .^GQJW2RIQI0M0UUXZ;(R<I$C?$%8S<GF9)OMG/'


?P7ZE4H)-%
?



M'(42)8B=*)IA!C$Z5Z0$=;KVE8T!ZXPP3'CF2ZPO6Z


31VC#ZJX=-PFTP(WVA-!\2NIMK2IQV+M32[VR
M%MT^75 ;-E^[)7O:T8N_TH.3BO3NY7G&+D9_/HZD44PVDU@L!:3Y[2X G/O'
M

:S]

$)QGS=T_%DRF6+@#6@HTT'$




)1F=3NC[\6 0;G
*\#@[Y:WV



@]



M/*%$08E#L2YJ7PVN?6&Z_5$_!3%0:(E=
O(X$4^;3:!/+3K0#N2Z0[K4I[GC


9%JX)Z;

M417SN+7@DZLZ+P&#6VY
2H7@*
R@HR:F+PDP
B39][S6@+*VZFM\4.+-DB)N
M:5 [OS')9Y7\$WMS6%30AJ/]?'7V#H24K[OW.:#ZI6HX?FX)QPX*5/Y7*:CX
MTM=0
4GEMK[1L\%@[
6@:3R=M;4O3+S5D@FF*8 0!CA[7@2\CWI87;Z-V;MB




M

#
M=BTPVIGJX--!YTJN8,1R/L9)PY^3CXCB=S;G=6!HCBP'
D)J^ES(]4*R21


M;*F'C2]A0J8EM=C]JK5;712I=


CM
MU %.W:7V6MQ*/K\1K9%D5


8B'V_D*

+6W_+GY75IPF[[8&^DJS[O78]!H


MM02JTW%7'1V+I%&J6BWI
H19PC:\TK72D^6[4$OU-6


M3

M8^L

]!5&E6 I;@K0PE(!U


-@]2YK7O&082.C+K6 SA.P$)&P3I=]3#[P'F2G;
M @P+8^,6Q0H%GYQ*.5'+2] .;BBIZ]K9!,/U<;-(IS8!ES*WO$H%-WH'+/?
MWP+.:7HN2U9:VE;X PI2]7;R0'7@

R/K6.=56$BCG6-]Z0
MXBAY#L;.?X%#YB9
4

MJMU@FGK8LQ-W;



BA= *NK!:D9NT! K[S4S@%?


\&
MN5AQ)0F&5N^P_^PXU?JAFPNMVJCJ+'QS3* $V :V(5C!8P-H:QY9RM.9@,$
M:*S%

M@\LLD)PIMT0-)C6^WGH.I07IBJOL5U+O+\
*/+74)=_AHW%)#\A9:G(%R5_A

M
=(TE]YJIMU$(Y1RRKDGU3@V$3U/.0B%F=1;0/5<
M%F%N



8E@A:
-UEPX'CGV+0=+X)G&U

=G9R;0/9Y
IVT1



IF55//#'2&M(WW@
M+!X?JX[C
9ZE%

M9J51TX:#[K?FOIED-LYV6S=^B'-3E

/$2U%0*XTK !#]#2BR0?94)&[.ETV


(Q'?9CK
GB-TAR;7RF RURT1'?Z




MNM[(@:XS!07E(*P)-X

9S*/]%
^AD7TG;=V7X37MLIK:
M;S


CF

M%609R\16B_V+W

MY]@+)X0/)M(/E67?+-^(WV#S4$@G$KC*1_DQJCEEH:JV6S_GN=8GM('$_J1-


MA


:A
-LSV8Q!_S['O0!0NX6_
L?W7*C[W4? 7
M04AS




MQR3@91\I3WEM6;V\HH16A'7T]5MV_JM!:B6+
$F)O@ZB+I?CD 0[4O+E
;



[T.


7?
ML





=)?#4+$IDON&#(UYR-]N?WQ6J%($2!M;'/
M;C=
6[SU#E]
XZ(ZKTSGE




S%WF;AOTW\_

M2GHS4

=XWM_PXRYRDJ]Z8.RLK%
M(X^;2%J;_P)NTUH;UG-)\69L26O-B



2


&/7*G9L* D

M?#D[R *2Y;Z(J(T)@FBU;A
0+$.\UT'HTKDI- 7':)^3*
_X'*V:.W'CX]HD

QYHKJW*8$-YPNN1=?U

M%MR G



M9Y*8

M:&+.+TW

MUAZ@!-D-_G
'8?^


SDKG5B9UR'0

YT3?_ P\



P^=3QHJJR[X.J7ON0?CTPW
MF!KHKLMBM6KZ)\77INM@$[8Q_LJDYK/F\(D'_8


O

M9!13SEM



M5GL/XKN8Q





MW!WROJ-M9EY6/)[6;-[UBB9T=CVK2WOO2H3:13XYA9)'P_1)^=C]UEWZ%^P!


4     7@7A(-#Y8
MH?@!  #((0  $P              @ $     6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM





  !$


              ( !! H  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
M

4






RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     7@7A(E8D*R D#  U

M4$L! A0#%     @ EX%X2

4     7@7A(@VRH(  $   V$P  &
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ EX%X
M2$8UDKFB 0  L0

O






M A0#%     @ EX%X2
IRBO&B 0  L0
  !D              ( !C#0  'AL





M2!7%!5^A 0  L0

O









M

  !D




C

M%     @ EX%X2
/3!%2E 0  L0
  !D              ( !P$L  'AL+W=O


4     7@7A(!





M971S+W-H965T

  !D


YX;6Q02P$
M% 


$B9<SL; 0
M @7   9                ?-:  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
S(N




4     7@7A(Y'/!(N0!  !&!0

W+GAM;%!+



4     7@7A(OMG&T]L  #5P  &0
!







  .X4

M4$L! A0#%     @ EX%X2- (Y%H6 @  6@8  !D              ( !7(






M='



M9+&;(C4$:5OSZ]]
@*0HBK)XDW@19G:G+(D$$HG
!XE$(O/G__LZ-Y1G:C/=
M



HR%=YPM]4)?KGRVK;

MX%C[9^W.6:\3;EE/
4:=6?UN9_36&^()_X4_F4;6GO[3
BECED9:JC5'B@:=

'J:FM'NMT
M06ZP:2WTT
\?0HW__
4LNG-M=08+$+Y9#S$(C_'D5QSD

MPN['FM-FS7+2\=9FQM.:91*7BYS+?JES*7&YL3



:



MK!3!.Y'&:U

NM=\/OQ^X
<_H:V)Q8WY#.WZF.T%3'ZE?AL#+_RIV72^57;
MY:AX(ZFRTG6D E.9^9-;*(D.A\B
(-'A


M Z




M4Q\&6]XU'%E7MZ2ZNOM+


6#YLL:O]I)J0
WBH&2PV64A/SN#!9[!7[ R6[A/?

@?GG% M4U

7):T1#<[<73Y8S5[&:&G+%ZW,0H/\_9_NC2D



*
V*MV7M^PSJS
M^MW.Z.+WA\_KO8GAQ;_/F_U
36NNF]L:1D31+]B

99B*M?:CG=^Y$S!7KPV+


MW'Z^5*YNP_VM-QKM\A^6X9I@H AVI)S7[U:XHTA3T9[^H(;QWZ;U8C[ @F&9
M5+MAS(5)RM'CEB97/3_:!&7Z83F?6$:ZGG#-%GVM-2+:Y@NZ=T_R*_1-;Z!E

MO62

MKTR_
'7CEQ/'=NG)6Y3'+30?0KV*][7L.$Q58J[R!EG\%:
RRTS!^AT4\&

M?.M__\?_^E_XXF+]M8OAPE':WO_WX
-'I.E

QU8WGQ
MJ

9 8BZ4#K01]
4[PQ_]_C2=+0RRO%!TT]!-*EY\H9Q*

MD
;6FO)G^\/BK;D/CRC


MGRJ3)6\)+T6T-ZWYSVM0'H3&'NY$]H'EE

[
M[-3[)'QLI@9?@/A-T 
'9/$9\P03-8GIH. $54X5%I_^;T$^;E
8X4XA: $?




Q9
V72=]
9M$_;




MQ-PN


M0NZ5 6YBPKO

MG7;[IR VPQ&N*FH87B@(;KKY9X;J['WVWI]8MD;M
]4R#+)@]
+_XZ-H6(&6

M(E4Z

LHTEXM_\IJ1R^
M-4()


MQ


WYY]7)AZP8\ (;DTTQYH N'1^NT
M%& SO\H\5?QTDD'Z29N!3]C@@N*R1[X'45^W9[S126FN2
-Q*!5
=2V$R?



M6H.N9'T9K.]T6R





M9&];J(TOQRW9GBWW'V=53[(JDHKP(!):
MN?P3Z MSR[3Z;N3IFZ.\1 8!9P
M



74S4R@
2RLRW=ZI$GLU?G?2/1Q&7CIBKQ?O[/H4\YS[

:.#_/V\(I_%72O.9GWW!8SO!/



MTHZ*D8WSSGE
?V\PLI#9'73'HZ3=?B)




MNC/CGX6DP6


MI:Q6YN6-J?P7






G5&-=B9:)Y0++Q5


S%XP03GBM@V.AHVJS%$;

+KA2=!GP60FJ




MJ5=OQG/@FHH%LPA+@ %_A$R8.7'0 [OD!NT
#';/!
2GP)YE:-BAU8O.4^XM

MD7F_LDX
-'=_=

D7IF[\<N+8+CU):Q)]V$='<:MJ

M@(FS&FFMC)K+0NIC%5! C/LS52X?+K=O^)FL&A(@^.Z9@
WN

;4Z\



M:4F H:*$(CQ(IU

MZW73\O7J97^W[HB=WI

M3
3-]^N37SMM[S^QY$3[*H2H#=;LEZ@;QMR\7.JWQZ-N;]Q_@Q[136Y:=C.G

WAO/F#C_+F J9\.*IVC.GRQA3

!LCA9DZ?

4WSS.Z-HG
G?SI
8%'X^)!Y#U]



MQT4Q0*[[R@';2G7F.=GXQ0LR14&S)[ S#-.(NUWQ[&H7[D^8\-
5


_QB&
M


M2IQDJMYU9


 D/ &N;%4
M;IB&:E6-G0F4=VHPIN8*T@H\+W._KJC-GY!GF@G#6Z&_'1!C\M ;W5&1[E





^
WAKWSX75!IJ\+W18NP*#!SCE7^^$I

M]WS@GP)(_X17L[SD/=S-+H((+
S[&4_M6S.7GX*Z\X%M_0LW#H?9 SD()N

M7K+(5:_=SG;?;


Z#





\Q+(.P%7
0 V$F-.G&YN_&6&Z^7*\(H%T37
MBKBNE!UZ8AK#'!U/Q-:X;@'O0/6X





@4ZYAX6P%
FGC/J_/HIV&:$1U/7S*OTXMW\





M&3&?*/O







_=<C//9PD.UMS@
J

M0%O42
9([3-_WLK


5^P7;\RT)W





MH2\FM=E
7_ (AX?;.U$X_(;_G4SN\







AGDJ
M
BT$A 83(K7&9;Y)!HQ5I&VX=ZU4/=,F55N$Q$?





/4!10T#LS:9K9PIAPA_?^!7IH,SQ_-NKO<X,E$Q$
M*H<8YS$SQ+OUMD!^5FTAEVT*2OEOGI.=]]U2-L199%?&:KGXE9 L:!H]Z :(
MI1$JIN3P^W,\ZAJ53Y_R;*AA<E@09A%?!N



+6VK(U':\7WSATSC!7*;HQ+ /D


LNWDV(8CA_<


+XW-=FX'!F*4^3W$2C













M%PV$^F


4'

MJ1MHBC5H U
6_V:(R_

L=TVOPMPAB%OS /MJ&3B6[H
MCDX9MU6GNDE

M
&C


=G05S&F'7[3UWT/XMOBNRT!UB^&&C#33O&K09BC)<L*1J$\] *5;?N7=
-XK3^)G-0_#7@SFE[O#/(







 ?Z5%?QYC&6
M&@$2=%.Q7%OYO?706D&.5Y#$

#F\0W-*KJ#+V1\'E.


M+2P
MF



JC/


52_U)B[K(1VR;F



=&T'EQ54I&^UN#2R]M NY.WA=3@%@-G@7FV'^JA#D6

8FQ
M_#?UC @PA/]-)KJA.TO4(V%*;1@_IPJ@'5@&^ *S3#!#E]R00X/$6C/O$-ML


9F:*S!=.$$U(MGES'^


M-H\[XRSFRK9:G2NIF9

<T5EF]^N0?#6MG_

TP^$&W^'/WVKYYUP3CF[@-A&'/)PQ[JI4J7

M%@$\0_4G4WG1G=G



B

H7L*S 7HEW.^Y P)0'A


/?Z^:)
M] V\3[+





#?$
M1/$



@BGD=) 7Y +P1@M'8 @Y(V C @?A

M




?<DA9J







M0J=X[0=U!E

N5


1)A;2S!EYEY#G/UK 0 6ZZ#L;X%4]_
M[/ J2EX1,S#2J,WKB%G8C@UMV'^!F(JT7 )&5UF217HM/WF9IE@36+DI I^


A^ZA5\@R'R*ZRKS

M!2]JE5A)=Z0

$W_[FGZ5WC:;U$IP:^MP.LJB&&[


M[&9(IKJ:6F5AN%@@H5!YRTP1B U]08.-R\MI!A @+

PM!!N.8@8I&UK@9P'R1L01N/ZW1Z;OJ+


MFI^ .YIU/&Q



+R$CY??/7T3FFNC

TI9K&026K4QP7C'+%!40



7[40(RO/9+'

0-YB=9UOW\4
M$%]Q(!\W$



A$5/YS
D%Q




!/9[@T6
0]_[XS.
W9O4[80EV&-99GI

%
0

?

=$/'Z_R7IO;@@*#/+ -






MO
VG+2--PB(0%F(ZT
#T'EB8IQY]?+V 07 Z[5_(J\;O+4K![Y(FV
@4EM



MC36YT^=[U!W


%2MVVX

86$5E6O


M;9NEO6=%*W8L_=!8?$5+Q-$-XS._H@WBI:$B%&A$M[.*%V#S;5^.QDOE^(T
M$STSMF7GZH(5!&EZ6I7D'-?(9M;LKWAPVO5..^IRDL7!%Q5GEQ=VRB@EPH
MM=1


*I* 4[Y6&UO-%CB


MS

7KN;#V&LW ;
MYFE!Q.%++,FMJBNRNOX)9*F.E

M.X5G5B$/&.R F;P4%P
M%:KS
BM8=^;%4N84I$IC(HK(IHYM^?'
 ?WBA#[:



..65_F((AMDD(A9;83/+-31?8#$ZD7+X


):S]=H5\BXIFO\D'Y&

M8)]@



E/\B

MIYZP?B\K$ FK^MIUP*STPG]8#+VV5VW!=+?CAT/XJEZN]-,E!82U];I;4&K
M1'UGHAL#L)[I/WEBC5RT=S/Q.M1]5O(MURZ _$Y_P@F[C\C_8\SFQ;!_TZ_



M!?%^\&C+K:JXCHNB






MBEE)]Y_F5A#-L\.*Y*0ZP\RD/!
PYE(U#%Z
$A


M6K/CN^X1O\^LY.04?@VD-SK?=0WDR!%E@X\28B3$2(@I%&(:8656V9;DMZ9F


YI

M9=C$1UG69W?2WN1I0A


M5=B:$7,U$M1=Y



M^'W

I3S[@\%*9GZLU#V9

M6JS#9P@K%S./1GKP]8#PU^O?7R05$_[;4O&Z08DS3FFL+P X-9DFC*XX.[
M*H/::E

D





7/&
MQ.VY$I]UIEOFM65_!AEQIJYQJ?(RG.S-+(G]M2R)NVO\;E3KW-IM001&TSCN
<C*K%<!%4$U5Z0U]AO=*;
MRAG_:B\ZLG'Q7QP$]%OI*G9L-!.EZ$WJPX
-\2[@96BU4;K]%:L^!EDZLQ/*


!YRA9

R
M8F


M65!;83-BRR1&TH*K








MW![



MJB:65\0U?\PH7V(&]$%'5E0MF#59T#B1U7QH]_N2OR0YD8%&[AH@9PT1F-

R#QHZKX








\XS8S') YL
W9YVSMX;1ZW8ZG05]#ESK*L'F]'$&
M
_.2J;%IESZBY%V&,=#ZP5W*)+W3_6VZNN(7W:
MAB%8T/ ;7#XQ/K
;KO3+VN)_)??LJG_/_Q++.9ARCP
T80Q#9U[1MB] ].Q
M&/$GA'J$!@'U[ACJ+6$ SE'8 METX9?!(P$4)3[(71 PNT6B*2
A=1D6XW-@

ZT2/^-@ 0\/$'CX2&80Q#

MBU 7+&#8*5G8)A_A
9SS(R!^2)B'@^]E$ A3
FD7(TC\GEE\IR)=HT504_8:
M4%@$..-CYX' M_^K6\2/@X5D4*2Z'5M E]O'HZ?T;Z.]'S4VC$% *]Q5M3L=



<PL)6KM-RW;L?+N_<5TC]YYA??MT.\SK#5V.SN; .9
MHW%GR;S8]

V
M[0X'E)JN*?O^*@*]P2]^8?Y=0.=3QZ(N'X'OO


9;*G@DE-BMP

MTGCG*?6ZPQ)UIG


I[$^OG-['MJ-,S!V;9FU@_OXEM
MGU)W.@1G#N'H;

MKAO33+3::+71:K-%;=93I)IH+91_??#HRA(?9G/7?V2
BVPNZ37@:
!I'NDUX.C[UC6]EZ@M5


6IS1LCF8 %_]_




MSD]G*0&YW!+N6Z





M)*96O6G43B?J$='0N5]51U)+;Y


* K(V9^
F+J'?GX 4;=2U%;0_*
M2-9:X;5


4/'@FU_XK#: :?
T\5@M<*\.O!@L*W@MY8#1M0^_<TC
@ (PWU[_5/

H_
29S0-0&$VNJ 5U+.4-!JU:2@C66N%W#4F-.FVS?X


]Z:Y--P[*BW62BE
M(L-)C4I*E@\F'1:PW$S+J'4QJGW7^K&(OA;4*+@4\A3ZX-_]6BS_F5P[94
ME[^G]






2R\\\V9
MD5P/?))






M^GUA 8R##6QL!ZS @'D6*ZM9M9HG?DD1J7+DK^Y\_Z+3[IM'7;N&LV;)JSJ
MHD-=#)@FP\6P/1AIN) #+I0P^MB_%U%&!V^%T=O/O.PA;Q&#HR20))M\R

%A?5L[DFA%U]:7NDZY

MQH:0WNC)UVBG(:37@*
!IWFDUX C0










M8:37@*

MSC@N[MKF.)WK_QE:C;0::34Z5HU

M:;?4%$!


NF80[




M 4G

K$HH3;2A:K8Q<'U8I8J^6)DH41BM6TQA=#T)+2M:Z
MPT)MY%<#A08*#11:?C50R$)H#10:*.HLOQHH-%!(A3:<Z0]1^HQ8F]4L7PW


=E;W[5S8XW3N?Z?H95

3M&C_P=TP#D

!)5R-*2TK7N@.#A&F@&BDT4FBDD(ZL&BDT

MW\4K0^5Y8]5=*S1;HW%']R=0V(I4C 
:8NH&
=W6:*A(HUT-
1IB-
3(!S&]


M_!@
QKI?4_7.J-]9)-J'*^B TG:?C&35ZQ+R.!%O_L4!C=P;6EIC6^81K?
M


MN






OL_[



MIM!I'=*;#G+I?:?=
QIA(=33J?%


&6:9+ H%.0U6YW1L#4T%$DV;;3M44LZ
M*V5@* 0
G?; ;(0544]'R7]9B-FBU+

M)19U#C79_H$E?2;_<7MN0S9)LND!Z[74:ZQ7EO0:Z^4B/6#]6!N74C;H
MEOV


M8SKU.K

EKF


MB7N)@(%-Z

MB::
_.$Y&)N]BF@$9
!V8)?4HS9MDROJXK\$C- PA%U+- B[8_X=['Q3QR*@



O
M9J]*@+F-5K9





K-;U+0N@H!Z=PP%

MQA#&QU

1PO#H[(%8_Y%X]EOVA=F?PA[GYO]
M-0MFSZ/-*I7??NG_.?QM\+X N=LZ
2D(L-9F$@C0^\WL546!H@7XO[X+P[A.
M]
A%^#B-6\ 36G[MCK'5BBET]G*1:[N*+Y&KTQ[U5^&\MN3ZZH3?/\*9^A
Z
M\F!K*5JV.B!;HY*(M6GN




M]PXE^+
<80\:EEUH?6(^@ZA7N&ZA1.7WZ
9*YBZ:!;


@?;
M-?^?-
%VOT0-S./-Y_3W\NY^^(2!B;P)Y_%I8JERLK#R87/3J=G\[2)&)^



OESBF%:?^BE.XXU@KCC;R
M&J%9VLB36\N.



:2I1'\=T4;Y]&$ZWN:-3J##O%]*%15G3KTJ%FL].V&;(\
M:AL%M5/28EPU)&_
[)!2C)O7@*G)^V6G753+-HTQ56-
@\78:'4'W98QW-IF
M3
MR761Y@QNW&;(\U)LC!AKLT]BLV]CRJ^4S*G$[%/92RY8[AOG
PQ;+0[


C[3J2ZKZS93(_J#?&HZU4-9


ZF6.WVS;7';OU=\YJ%VPY)5S*1J!!MS7L

:9RU;ZCLE4?K*.15GTY55];2%HH

M?*)@1;=E&



@C^O??RG7=R_EW6LO*:
M_P]P_9WK6]_?_O,?A/Q\NKDD+30M(!9,X2N;O#F[&\^3VX
\Z9KW)@=HW]&
M8L\17_T!?QAGQ&:6 Y(0OCGKG+TU1]W!L#
\)0'%I$]-JK2=6]+-+6WFQGNY






K9&HN

XCTA'_%;6='!%[TR




@\Y
^QDWG/+(YWI&NT,)!153%
M6B;[O[I-)*F:M@LH;P;R] %X]CJ _6#N!Q&':QPA?!;(MY2
5=SG;HKZ0&[


B
\9N<Q)&%R)%4YFIE7_RO[\%H5[Y-R:7?!MV\9ZX_!PMA'OAV
M;#'X^;XG46C!&%#BW<00/S0



M5H98%C-C&9@CO



:'FDC JIH*_.G_'0(#HD=1*RRZX-#3[]-\B#PQD%L 2MCZ!


#


MY
3U0S 0/\



D!_PG


MR3:RKQ-VH_QTJK7I3D2)YC#J8KB -H!@H%P87K7S]@W/'K
&-#$?+?'U=Y


?]S[[CT/M: /&T5&&.3C-XHY O0N7R]Q([%
M%^]?OQ1BNS^;+P6!KX#H%B/OXA^@3U=L(Z17T PY^3%'.;J^'$(%L)WSW_P

#\-8/ A0Z
DO:L-&[NX#=(0B(
ME#G$ ICN02')?X
\'+!9))B[.'$!]-PY*


#





PFQ'#LT/=JY/3,KF$!$?E=[^/'+,#R'A_@
M:=GDAB5/F*7!PBS=/Y%CPXL\?[]TJHV0FW$@
=]L)O'?AAAO#
K7^;QAYX#


@G22?B(%IFFZ:9+2\_S@@#2[U@$XN-IEQWR-BY;;#9W





8PN
G' 2




-U603.+LTXCQYA[HJ( %W1+5H(/
_@9&&T
M$#UQ
Q65 ([B+CI/R=2YFV+4WW'C5*;XB?.'$XKL:[Q]//5=M+UA=H#-(+K3
MI\B9KC*)C/+5H3\PYX9&R B75
7UO;MSI-*JLO&EM
FGR4*(6BF.@5$-!CC+

HP

MBU7FR?V:3-/-60A*NCNF;(C=*'4
+




$'@)&73 U

(?D8N)$REA+
PPCW)1#=B


\BY
M



MEGFT$X*+VS[BP2R[+Y%3O[P4II8)+


?/[;'*5;XMAX+J(15JZJ2DJFC2])S@NP#XM+1/ @@ G]D4TL

-SVT.


W^6%DPO=1ZN% )+K]UEUJL0ENKREX]$2SJZ+]^.]:3RZ
MHGE^VEJDBV<@!NMWR.B2IANC'+O%:9KV3#JK@#S6:H 3P:N,.4;E<N9(E
M


/3AV-'UE=#H_G:4D$0YKB[EN4D0)BV?Q




MGC[ ;VE:](9ZD/4WR13V^9T



^!ZO7+EL9]C0

M

0++;(?








*O;

MVNEV-[RJCD:C+!'GHWG_7S9U+#=M'
:[ (H2V?YL'F

:H
;S]C.8$5




M(N4(EQ S1[OEL9;RU)#*HL


[





MB L%!YNN? .A&V6
9M&_1MBEN)Q34SL7-$X\1Y@($1T
8)SV?E78Y%;T*^

(]$D^4

)Q(RT.$926I6_1S99?I_%$:VKT X:MU$MB



M.O#SC*+WW\&[_MD BZ
=F


M-*A2'*';B:NFO;R!;(.KUW7#XT: 462'CJS9ATP.NP[#V!)*(O(D+H8




&


)81HX6DH$E0

:
4=1H3.KE4Y_Z
ML6LO



MP2/Y__!X*L

:P$3=&
M135'3
Y@P;UC);LX-P13UZ6?WH[PB\E_*!\ PK8!/.JPBS9$(T]@7S\>V

M;) D





$5X+DN3S+!/$!G]
M:7#@7*:9$N#PD=T&




MLLB33!(D:1Q-_8 [S.-L2/Y8$NYQ/ MK _ D36NZ.-6'O$#2(OZ%2=QN&NA&


MY/8!2;8?


MG
][W^O8
 



M!5




MJJ6497D;N._4-Z




Z=)QHQH6*SU1D-
M6T-#D7361MLEM:2SPL:'0C#1:0_,1E@8*CA8_LO*.D0RG[

MEH=VL
A*\!*LE5%WT!IV%+%6M'^E:CM&NU?J8N%4ZEWI[VG[B(_[-/'%Z1S1


M2]OZ\ @4*&IS'\BV94C+K(+MJG%[W-&DKZ@QKI;ZBAKC@J4VT*374M\TTDOG
M

,?&4SZGB8%' )SP;4BF+JDE^=2


MU&I4?S4JW.&LU4B;@PW4
VT.UDGGCC '5?7NKMQTZ$M_!?'?G;9Y=$H[7EH\


WV6#LPI1.W)AONU45ZQGUU?)Z-CRY7


$4I'

V5@VZK6%?



M2.H&)-JXVU#(OC
:MH:Z K@ZTMS4/

=1


M
)O0'DFAKQ-]&H+
=






=E88'EY$

MQ8QN'PG( +UC




M=OCRU0Z4V
6$W6*NIL\GMC\LS:5SV+'3/UZGUB






BY9^LW


M 9WQ5M!9




DU1-9 S!*9O!








ITO B8%CK6$QT8EHA (_FXR9L^'#O(
MQGHP^T[D@89'3V1]N]MS@-&@!7]+0=2CU](;%;:6B1]D$LU^L





M\




/77F7$MF:
^)5-WIS!


VA
1





M+'QJ TQ%Y!*U*L:MU/&(/V=!$AE.?/



) (

BB)S%D$

'=5+!*-BT
M'?3W3YE)YK4B,_F4@SQ'OF'R@A4' 4X^0Z5B+,685892^+/GD!L#L <@?K4



V6'A@=X%9JL)]LY6!GF08O;!9:




57(O$'.!2@]TB_=K5J_E K[- VP5E)R
M


M3_L@5MG$;R%G'%B2 O'4P]*+6TO




M5J[/I2%3?'-R:ZW%5X;9#BZ@:
0=[RTX MRZ

-AG]^+\-6%H1/-3V0H&

Q$VG
S1WG;DOS4U#+A]O

6'9Q
MF8HS&*EI]W/(28-4\1GH;4]8/[P






([*PP^L7/
M'W(Q^*$G 3\TWBJ7(IY&@$/4I3+*K54

_2/:#UQB2)U


M%^AX12*4D
M8PH1
*;'31!(!^

$S9[^I?Z[$C6%HL&MP\ZO903@]7*P
VF_5/+MDJ
T




(GO+I78@IVD

[KC-2@'E*O06!AC84IH8=P\W




?Q[@


'9A?W8A/ZICQH
3+XG
MH.0L:13J:I8R8#M595T$[F6+Q(4% ?2Z]#MAIBQ%_DC#0NXXNQE\EE0&7GHJ

[I'$C2$W
M:QP(B!L!RH+_6(I@J




M76




FQDG_&?!A#WS)

MDS'FZ[H5-+!J%2[]_NNT&XW^^!]02P

R$!WHQM? V@T


7@B'FND;NN9






9BXN@4
UD%VH03\!KD?KQT^.]9=K7X_T)!.L%_)H%@GG455/0

MP+KL$**A4?#_KWD1(!(W4,/4!!SQR0V3@=[3NAMP+C2K)PO+DT0V0=0::$8
MS49+PK4E-L1*&.S0'=NA6\E$HQE:26U!; [B-?.A(Q8D$/29/,!VH:6)I\=
MTI


MF!10V%$Y
5'1


*D!:&
I!:GFNL.%)()?B5[0/=T.C65HX
MYNR9@M^3=FMN Z.^\?FJJ5D(=T^ITH0*+50U:M?-=WMCV$/?Q_QM-%-A
M]A69

*AX@:5/Z@FD11FRN'0-!JCJ5UD

U9!?UH;^LQ4H%MH0=YB\K\A
UI %RZ8YQ(N;O\(89#4
M3-T5


MPP:*2B


M6[29[U.I


MR$&C#\FO]A1J3RXSP5-OIPX3[2Y\SZYGV@G;A+U'CK++7.+HJA7Z^V UEX

M5#9)NI2



0.3M4-R!:;1G?O2G!9
MK[9C8KF)U\*Q80ZL:A]0@\

P5R&+9
[7T5+I-72@3Z&N-KYU

M\I::B?






$X30M=2YDXTH1OR^%&TGJE[JNNU


MELK /2O&[]NAL]C
1*D;/0UA8\VU1-!,-OGQ
M8AC,OP &JY5S0E[EE


M2^IW3










M$O/


M-9

$%     @ EX%X2.)B624 #P

34Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6SM76UOXK@6_GZE^Q]RNU]V
M/U 2(%JF5W1MU&E=EK1[FKOIRI-3/%
B%DG*7!__;5#$A*($SN$QDED:9-
M[6,_YSRVC]^.O_PQG]C*.\ N1,[7$^U4/5& 8R(+.F]?3WRW8;@FA=__/[O

92/G7&DW6YUF2]6Z



$_O


H
M_OB(T3MTMT
A7


M;=!6&_VNWFUH&F@USLY KT$)T;8T0VWU.I'BZT!PZ1
R.-X:D
PT+]VVWN]T
M6EJW1_[OJYU.LN8)T@QP&H2!S4@^^7&#1^DI09BBZ=*62*4U(.% E'^$T60+






M*H!15@_C#CJ [M1A8

@V[

M@(7YY+']A_C1Y?3!
U;73I%H(W5(MSN#
:N0'7E9CHP8PJH0&_1KXD3A0@([
MX9'9GU
!TGH%:#)!3@ B=Y]U+5D:8Y=@K&L51= .&3T[#S1II]
6Z7JCP:
MT+IUPF$J@8DUKR[



M.TC]WFX=#V#@LD_:[*S$=$OIJ?I96P)_OPP5LH[S?*S:9'4S0[RT]HQFF)-2
M'H+49=:


MHS\5PRAKK_H-. 2_36 
K ETH.M1;;R#? 

H%Z1'9\UY&
MZC3^


MG:Q;9S

6E7R[^;[VG0+QG53H87R28%?\8CX\*6BHDH
M(/=J+L
;BT!&/28K? MO]K2&NFI7/XH5WZW4$Q%([D5@AA[I@H-;]78TIU#Y
.FN_@5N ?*39@=$S=A^V4U#A



M2A[]JOPB0=X;Y4D;,2X.=%3
J6AK

TW1




V2V6U&\






MP;87MX$B8.$P5L[B^9GE


/2I&NI*T%'K:SUO< V]
[ZC2

M9-U
$=%DM!1$$BUO


ME]5955*G2P/CQ0CAF8$M;C1L6E:ZVI/DV5?)]MN67LW96'*.AO;P4:UH%?
MP$&97PREK+.C304@9

5!IG@M


M2P

34Q
C
Q7V1E
M9BYX;6SM75MSVSBR?C]5YS_P9!]VYL&Q9-E.G)KLEGS+JM:Q7+8SL_
T19.0


.Z^;@I^9;).


MW-22EN#_=; N=L#_=- _.ACTW[]0^YW!E.M2C?:CDI_XK[:_J1 O?'*X^G%3




MHV@2.#=



MP6;'CUW_T
;SPZC

\7ZF


M^S@Y1(Y/UW\))[V#7C]R2?PM^O

M



?D!%;N(6.-MDI?:].

MTJ-0C6-!L$?8& SM!
DA6J0GO&:

KB[$6QOAI(\[/
MQD^11#\7N_G+!C'PO_R112ZZTU



MP!*DR*&\)6*2D^AQOW\
:+6H3I80'B#^KCV+)/ZRB G66$(ZTVN(8IH2@-I
MY(9F7\SKGU _2FRT F70C;HZ1LN6D_J$ER&W R=XX[-WI0_!$L8V902 A
M)3D5NCSE%Z8G!PNT
_Z%26?\A27[/Q[ LS2=









M#8#KC:C*T
5
*0@QBP7



!-..1BGJ+9 :A
F5X8SS:=-5<MWZ9&\&C194C1E&^^\3J

TSTMFG!O;)Z_?)Z_?)ZW^LY/6E%@ Y(*#D[#/8-Y+!?I_I

RP93HZ

3Q


M&$K4R7^ X PII$XN-( 9!O93J)



M
2


BNG#@B#3
M'KMQ-UQ?0K1^]78)KLNEI8\/&K&YI_2 \.]VA!N
LJZ




\K4E#4H3I2'$?A7E50JF\6U^

TGP+(1BJM*:34*Y?^.2TNN ?QL[

G
51[Q[)G$9H
U'YDN:0+P)


MW5X2+.7'Z_'D@N$AIB4-2_9&(0Q6MPPRJ*%=CS2Q1%-[@)_4J66('B=FB,_
M ;5Q[Q3KS1\^13N?H6N?!]BQQX$_=!SOF3]52WP=1!0*5[X9#XM?1[+XX0V
M?+\P]=QXE([=]13#C0V[IN)!;DX=ZKXD
R!Q0TWB[1!!&;&Z$JW@45FB
M@A \3


['
MT_[QAQZ<G+]UT28$8#)2%;E6X]4&0A1&!H&&<FA0 WH4 


EY(-M_OF+2*X[CYWH

M0;(3TV1^1L'\:A#!&J:_!K*&@9*^NIUEY/LJ)Q(B@$X2*_X!@1H.C0=?@P
M

M)&A 1*E37*4* 9GK148F4C:@V;Z$NI/3Y!F;)D_AS/?%*!!:6+&'[(_]7G?
M\ND^4P37\VC\UDGY&Y=T]/GN/

M(-:

9P5L2(W0FP0Z/+F<\\-!56N
M:8)R$-8RN;4EZ
@*#T#UN5.T;(:^R0E)K:/A[L)6ZU.+.$E6Y95Q5R-A2RMV




_G(XME%A

MK5/PG]K/591-]NU;1Z65-$#=!L()1Y1&F [
N ;.XK5T++@4D?NI1LK5WK

E 2DX]T%6S02D@;^U




 0U0SVK]ZX?\L')IZ






MGNYP
D$6
^P'/'79MMTR7?]BQJ/H:#S-XS L%2*=+TQB/F&'(=/9Y]3449?O


;8Y]OO&FS%:YH
P&
MD6MA9IZ%[K;ZV;NM6-MAUM-$Z]T&F7+M
P.PO[GLV+IV6]P%Q)J9%(V?'#P-



4AG XR;6L36B1 @B $;*)U?ZODQ%S-LF8[.6X%L^0Y6
M'6GH;MVKC@(V!!)7V[BX;.HG!/+R0!:?7+-



M





M
#$U
3(S

VN1
O?\3PI$?!R1Z^/<_[=*W7NH3\J?_]1__
M[?_YZ__[]NW_.;VY0D'L[S8XRI?8_# 7HFV2,ZPTG&/KR,_'?H.G[&?WF





M^?K_?+JZY3C?DBC-O





:[Q*^:OTZ+
M*7LG;I/I;U=AH#591XBCMS_=]@#U'Z421+6@7 T2]*!?2TW__U^_YL:-ZX3&

$O+3WC0OWU_4O3&_U)\_/=;
MVD P
_+.NZ_YM75M!#0@%:#8M';7L)QJ+:UT@Y#39MD)0[]R@5:'FT*\27
M]
^TRP5BP;FTP -PK:VP*C6'EGAH[ BMD0E%7*J=GB 3AVV@X/6-N!3[[Q[B

!9=LC(
M8ZO35-.F5XPV:JF(B9TVLAR#LQM79S2L$R^\I%.PE_^-7Z70#\N!CRP)M&9H



MK8
I/Q?K





M2JFN0LP!-+OQ=+V[#XG_

R)

MA.M 7




RVW@P7@A'M?0%HO*KX;FC
?DDF!

;/








7^.I N
(TFJS

^T\B:13#WA :D/7Z%5G

MDK7

E93


4B+Q_Y$T7\NCSTNLRPA][N
K:^B+$;7'HA
@A.[P5E2
M09LX6?KKB=NQSGM0*/(_ZU,)7A8##@IR8#MCR/$,H )2&KJDZT3LK.92[R








MTZ%;O
.7/D L/I\+B47IWR'F+^M&P7+#;I;\DW\NS?/9O3 W5#QTQAG9D9)U




M
^$3M_G@.GJX*'*U=\S*5.6!\T
GU




ZU/&E*@\\TCJABC$G+0PX^KIM-FVOHN2J-R^$


MSIKKGY.
'?27-L9'&U)!CN:$
\+2Q88SPJ*Q/#T-FNGXNTSD?8T3?MGOU$N)

&4.!&0:4*5:5.A%N6)V):O(

MNJ7Y4$DO$8#9QQ2)A?0&S;?7^HXA#0'LJ?6/L8)984HSY[MO]XE7I122_/,
MJOQ?(=])6 ;_V*7\1?CR8;9KEG65?B&L:=S%^8I&UZ4S1[8 CVBG/U'C *,+
M0PSBUM_##O



4+3GR2





F+Q:.F

E=


M=JQ5]!( /

M-RMZ4)@_

M[


9D#]



 O;6W78C
MS_372P!P*NGOC



\DX3C.;

K)



%U77E-* G^L![9SIZ9^Y91@'[

RT8PC).TLAAAV^;\#T'?

MEB 6 1U[98.2'T@YF=R%TE68&5,H,-GJ?-,D1ZN(Y#XFL\+JVJ #S
NL$V

Z'56M@$0'0:AVYWFXV7O+)O;LE#1-;$]Z(
U::@













MSQ=




MZM8&3#
&(
QS[/R^(P$[3BQ._7D






'J*S79+@B).OCU?)[EEI(N



MB1
W.#PR^$BV6W;W


I(6F#7G&MVU@!. )NS&
]CJ*H!#7M=R



MB0.JY_(TZT%_+Z\O#//



:P#9

ML@'


?6MM97


RUYQAC@&#@

8\K4$[
MZR

MR6]/#WO:8H44 A.W]V[B_(D]W9([

M=52@8R^:[ V+]U9-*L.08!E !H7AXIHV?\'DX9$.I=\NGW#B/6#1?1 HDU%Y


]!FN6SP6Q]H%*ZU!E7LZ@AZ\]WK\BT4K$S01(
MKW!]3QFXUD4YF





K=/

MZ]

XMT6

K0]VD!@/
M769XLS_8U@.F28T@JV.ZNRT*E$Q_11=P5YM\7E.]_[G#G2CIFQ1;C%&\)T
MZ%4D)667Y5GJ(C&A!GF(^).9S7?NM-PS@)\^[QCCK=95MM3;W7U* N(E5&F;



M&?+0-B:TYR


MQ'1J AZV] 1@' :%F@4J%?%8:*K*GV!Q]4[6I'[@Z!]+5_AMN*?C@&5 QW49
M2:DI15IQB9-:P*/;3DX,8X/2P&.686Q Z[KE)EC_=


R_)P&&_QP\DBEC;

E!?E
^.E



M$#W@B^2@40TP+_2QWC0$E

63T[EL
M5^

MP!

4C0;[C
M




M;  Q?N






TJ*PPX6KMM-FV^HD#G-U]O



M#AW+.&KQ8UCO15[@.3S&ZB6$S5[891C%C*&E&-!@Z +6.
RZ5P9@H'2::GST

M?GA8GBL26 U#S UB@.




ML.B(DA(J_+X4/PPRN

MZ5D;:M=!OMF0C!T4^HCQ-:;.CC+OH5^W+Y
PR\!7NJ.; EJKSXX
U@LT$*I
M$%&-J%8)B2'L^.13'&6/X2L*8R]:XP7:M%[Y8I*&@2!\2_]EZ9&\H930\?
MRB7,DDZW-'%%)+J


M)21ZR
G2=*&V*0(X.Y@XI-=.A% ?



C8\XQ)


MU[U.I?3KEOEUW7@WY'*KU:[G*IO'=K&
B W'&8NN1PA'HD]&^
9^J1JBR$



XG8-HM'
M:;=(D.P^1FW ##G


N:EVVCRXN0JB73^9:1WL0@OM@#7Z&QSA
M9R]L?2NGM0#0 ).#J9;@&]]7W=O-]:T.172[#Z.(UUAGR$6]5KZM( &1/=E
M1#*BBN[] ICNQ5


)





=RJ:*X9G]WD* 1ZF94^2;
#
^

M+5BL

4=!


MF.Y9T



IJ3





M'J.MD

EM9O\
MRDW/A;X%\DM7EQ\!8[:+%YSX),77?%Q]67EJ)

9P7;8%W'&8Y8DL5E$!!V





MAXY+6

M (T0%:!J)KSW/?1YL


''.I\7FJUJU2Z)
M:W)M217P$+#IX
82MP4]@ /2*ESC)5JF$)UV+

M =+=(HTZOQ3=&
&LMLP]R@O2JO+ *:T3JLA+TL* R:7;9N



M&DCY0UWCA)U?:-L

M PZ);)LK&
2_LF9QNQX]E4Y=DJ'CS(PU-!W
MC/#/K =SL1K
FJ^C4LZ)H#2]IR\0%=CJT(.F]:PPN&
M0'

IR? M3IZ(CVT.


MK8J/6#G96L+D1GRIW*S\428A[%8+OD065SL++4OBBTV/JP63#\RRK?SZ_R
MV8(T];CWA!-VIFI;^W('MX\PGL(4Z0$PVF749:0*7^SUZX4V[=6=('G/FM

9
M')DH8!6/LK!EG:;?E/MZMA3.@7VM.GN4$Q2=VJ#SKUW0$ A8
!

G




ME\3$$H=;8^(]?5\*$\M@0V1B;NN1
?'8_M]GXAWWF6
F;N8%?XZHAQ_)EGGD





MOII4QV73[W





J)OR)'W!^8_CJ7M34TKCKB/
M&. 

MS[D#MN %FYUP:GZTR$57/'PF!^CW.3B

^AIQ[/V!T8\R
M:I?0RX)C[A7
2< E6^PO+-LV]






#X&HKKQ1)G:W#Q_]( X^S[
F'@F/9)W]?OO_PW5W\
_9J+M1.^;21I!123A[A NXD?.3RIQH4_-^=W
4G[[]7!?]^$=C!WPI(



*'E-XV1KB[&5IB]E/?80

1U0F8E

M2



M#;AB!J* XXC':M-HR&77?=ZJ)3N/&69!+4R^5A7G7FV9GE
&6%^;7HD3)'

&FDDC$
J\X'.*3YYR6\XHW^SU-I1









W
&7O\26EJ)/7L9:(SIY__Z_H]/7\KYS




P

M4@\JVHM!YA$%L/K1Z\

.
MVS^LE=%'K4 U &DM-0/N:(&U3QW1?$8BHLG'HPP3[-1!V1? =E+&+!.V+T
M.1V16

MV(KJ.(O-X_G+Q#U7\NO+T%:=P3IJN@.-YSCU$\+W.MM=1OMZPM/)KK)'G%S'



M Q4+5=S'1C*\!@2G-%PLHP+EVVX=M**?



M&*Y9$30C];'?PLB
9W&N58$:@8WLA8O&-)&1I3@5=!?_#&(2L%=OJ3WE
9AK



M5A'^&_9DW;^YM.-@'9F;#

EEM-S$.^EQ6@



(KPF5X=$/TMU]BG_?
M49GA*TJJ8T_O)L[=

M* IXA ]QD!C[)G( L\(@.



C=D)\
F-L:G%MW@:&8?B

Z 7C&$H&.
K=T
(D['*_O
M5=27+U08]OY=E6= WI.:.W]E35G$/J: (;/HHUP.D7%+0' 78]X7Q%L
1I

MN:;R T[/Z1]I1GR)YX9)!![^([BKF=;$6!Q@VA@#E7FJ%
XD;YCVK_+[#+4!
MJ+8 W7
3!.;!Z0*59KA*KN+.;S]%A%W:X-

]9


M%GN

FOD3K9LXZIY_ISNVT-W^6A3S5

M&8[I6[0SYZ(J@)H6.3][\R5YU#57[KE.O'2XHX:\-@KW^KWZ2IXE1QJYKYL?


0\+A?J^.
]K/SV+9]LE D4= 4%T.Z\M/
M

Z7E.+F!LS:#A$R0V*^G-B!QT8H_)#J9 30ZVR^!X(
M0=CTBH 9'$NPFX,1._JMZRBQPMP8X L
MZKTG.*[D.C1XWE2CR0L!T/;B4)

6@.M 8-75$]7)TC[K0


MPE/H=/Q6) )
;Q^]!)^RQ]+% F=QJKTN
HXJH P\A8.5XZL1]
QI9#8FW'$I






EVP+]8Q82@/R

MY.!$=CDL!9@Q%




M*7XZAZMR^($UW!N\C1-V8?DR6L?)AK?C*Q)AGD==MF*@5Q4HWY@XH+&.IE$/
M\)RBE_G&BSJY$E1I08(:]M3E#\VX&K-[83)EPMV#%66ZVKM B%T;+05Y4'

M\#7@



YN









^#Z^)?7]O*WUKWS$[CH

AV/O_/UYO'
M@




^@(=-[65C.3Y&:.9*L
S\) ZUP5$@-[AZLKMYV
M:$(HI?$

^3


M^Y_R_&9)U+

MX_;^\
M[UWF%7C63X/Y3=S%=H@#2Z9@[;C@\.V%XR9:BF&5_W,U\WWXW0,Z
MN EFDD[;IS.P1JX:)LO7'E


U6LQ.I
5QH[08\O\GL*R_V\Y/^Q&8GF.#

(BMXTN2BUB*59IUIUUMEG6





(ONCXCG@V-J\&\-Y_,C=ED/&^WC4$/868^,R:+X; S42#:O_K+
M48E30 T*R=EX,HM E[.M93D_L;4N''?N[)_]]=[*/I,K.7@H:$
GOA5G@.7
MRISK J/D1AL-'1DD9@3];(% E_9JLL5YC_X=_)[X#J/X0%R)O%[@JU
HFOAC



MKH2\ILJ8LA@-Y!P*6)G69BOHH8-5P.FC8Y$7^U0K[5' PJ\FN[XOKN-Y]ZZS

M*.B5%A@N*]QP;)3A5Y.-1$9TK&N)






2!=GAB0U$=:P5?D/JD*

M^5%YDB#1P3U^SH'^X/LN?-[[^''1DQ



Q8
:/'L^3:U)Q4M^8RW!P<&J)FE&3X0U=[9( *2;
M^+RV6N* G5--:C@=A':#X!_$KA4=' X-U05 J=,G2]-MAUIKU00)T;5+/






MB4=R[SJO$.EC^OX-[;JO[4
JE\G2AZ]A@2TZ:_R$TM;0-[H]52R=HM3;:@(
ME@7YD^7GU:MX(E$  8(TRG5B$8LI2+04V=]?%WE] *5D\.6*FGSH^=3GP







8@?KNU
@''8$82'G%KF:3#2^J$&6 *P
MBIR/9H6N%MSXXV=P@4!KJ)0- F

'+4L?=*AQ2[HZOM^1J*7 \8:Y0JD95*^WXL(US.





M-].@23'1!48]S%DW
:56DI0TPSZ^KF8Q[9S6
HP[&@RW 1?V4]1(B4I*FFDY
MYIIIBG^:KFO:SZE4=8$#Q0DP#?^-CIW/,#-B^_=.CY@WL4R]L;:'AKH((X4
M/AH/T5&@O+TA


M5E(Y9 *7S!

MI!52D1FCS&S7U!Y2PZQY(J_(7=(([1D]0[*%
J@H-\*:E;=F6M\CV. Y)Q&)
MSFB$.;%5$:U6DIB




FU^2#J&



MJR@-3?(Z?_/0GCE^1M\\128^E&EP .!HYK*$^N3HZ:0(COQ4&;#'TO 2[E

M:
0VXMDU;0_)-O)@!_^T0H\R&^Y*T[L$\(D5CKBF=++FZ-PQZ@;:6SL6$0

NR^V


M#%((U5WHR:E 4IFIAEW!*0^.:-:EQTB3-L[+%[#:6P#'@Q
NF[]Y8+VW\%4@
P]C#UF?::%@[:Z
@8O35L[%415A

M)Y



F4F!06_ P
MS

$?_\7RX


RE

B4J8(_YTW!^X/(*Y

M5:110^GE(Q*YXS*$(3&


M3:*_^*3Z[3PD=

WHC_6#$Q;N@^LBOP'UV
 G *GA0E
ST
M$65(.D:L9[


M9U$5D-/;HPKP(97

QMHZ#;

F:=




M+)Q*5STADN
/\ *78:UQ=
R#2X#?V#K;W1Y]B:YGWNX: D(+3
(X?]5;@L

ZXTYV$A7VF
MH]'@:B;KK5\TX@7: WEH4L4OUO 3-ESCT 





C1


MXH


MHFZ-4#=176S:+N17^O1.N)6:KB'Y[NGPQT:HL% ')[=-=.ZD*TS0NW)TJL
S

MA




E'ZB#K






Q:RIJK5K&_J0IK54 [VT5LR:



]$N[=WI]8EO
39]29;!W7A_\FO^4I2T8O



=XU%
[-4#W+SXWJWC@^


BB!CL3VRN&4[F,Z"RJE288^[0
MJ8&.E![-TQ1
8R*I? J/71.Z/I&?2&?:M

Q5
4EU5]
7^:*#M75#=%+^.I


DKGL


HW2_(X1

T7QT*




MA1.5K]L+4E*15^5$BY14^FUC





M43@3:YKHNW J)

M8Y2!*#B2OJ




.O8K6A5!.$]X3S@5
M:O+O
\?S;QW_'\!_ $MG8U/\R;5][W)A?UZ1UIN;6=+47YL(PS443231KW [

M2.M(MBW]F55IYT
DPBCQ!]Y_ID5(/4/7\L$+MX/SR30V!$62=:FQ'



Y#2LYYN-6$^\'
$O4+Q4(LD'+/T;
MYR=PPY_@EEAPM





M3++]]E7D)CW35*/


7[PNC;J471EXK
9 6&DDK
M





MHH92:G4-7(2)IKI



.%3\/U6




MSM]Q] _7
;_3;G=.C_DQP1:B^.N/O[0P4;F']SE80QL#P_9=^+P/XIP00L++

:ZL
E$0J


-%+BPM4*#=Z!-MWV<IKII4-6!E5U(47CM^EFF&VEI1:+^*O-<W+.
MDS,I.*P)67 4
^Q1[1DI*_'HMQ5WM*%NS# J93/@NBIJDHX+?:!



MB/R)T&K0&9;I%GS.8C:8]FAOG016'W+

M?DUR?&'-Z^F^UX4
M#,O*H[9BTK4&T"+V4(_S!)A!VPC,P+V$@*^)S.=3C:6)D$[J#;HBXWJ(;&





28@Z:#N^::FHM@]*&(+7HJ6<ICCW(.+8UJZV[461/'-3VR=

.! 4 JS$A*75UCP61TK&Y4#&0N(BH59:

M4[!&






< ]KY7PQGXH3X7?%]]A?#\=<^

(ICJN


@?A@U/T

M6#J.HH.0BR3
?*S$C2\=/46BB( SKN7^1A78



L/SB8-X=)2B^7#3E!PX=:(G



H
L

2?H
MQ/ *W&='#3?DL5A1D0ORV%(_O;


M ( !     &IS9&$M
C Q-3$R

34Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$
M% ,4     7@7A(G250S5-@  J^P8 %0              @ '*'P$ :G-D
M82TR
#$U
3(S


M !4              ( !4( ! &IS9&$M
C Q-3$R

1    !@ & (H!  !!PP$    !
end



