

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001083522-20-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JONES SODA CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				911696175
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28820
		FILM NUMBER:		20757162
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		66 S HANFORD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206 624-3357
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		66 S HANFORD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	URBAN JUICE & SODA CO LTD /WY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990407












			jsda-20191231 10K FY


	

			
		

		
			


						


			


						


		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


						



December 31
 201


			


						



						


			


						



						


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


		

			
		

			

		

			
 &nbsp;
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


		

			
		



		


 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;
		

			
		


 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;
		

is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#x2019;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;
		

check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#x201C;large accelerated filer
&#x201D; &#x201C;accelerated filer
&#x201D; &#x201C;smaller reporting company

		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;

						&nbsp;

						&nbsp;

						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

28
 2019
 the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
41
327
753
		

			
 20
61


		

			
		


 to the extent not set forth herein
 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 20
		
		
			


						


			


						


		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

		
		

			
		


 all references in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K to &#x201C;we
&#x201D; &#x201C;us
&#x201D; &#x201C;our
&#x201D; &#x201C;Jones
&#x201D; &#x201C;Jones Soda
&#x201D; and the &#x201C;Company&#x201D; are to Jones Soda Co.
 a Washington corporation

		

			
		


 unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires
 all references in this Annual Report to &#x201C;Jones Soda&#x201D; refer to our premium 
 including Jones
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

 contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect management&#x2019;s current views and expectations with respect to our business
 strategies
 products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future
 including statements related to sales
 revenues
 profitability
 distributor channels
 new products
 adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to continue as a going concern
 potential strategic transactions
 statements regarding future operating results and non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. In particular
 the words such as &#x201C;believe
&#x201D; &#x201C;expect
&#x201D; &#x201C;intend
&#x201D; &#x201C;anticipate
&#x201D; &#x201C;estimate
&#x201D; &#x201C;may
&#x201D; &#x201C;will
&#x201D; &#x201C;can
&#x201D; &#x201C;plan
&#x201D; &#x201C;predict
&#x201D; &#x201C;could
&#x201D; &#x201C;future
&#x201D; &#x201C;continue
&#x201D; variations of such words
 and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements

		

			
		


 which are based on management&#x2019;s current expectations and projections about future events
 are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as from the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information

		

			
		


 our business
 including our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to continue as a going concern may be impacted by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 along with our ability to secure additional financing if our sales goals take longer to achieve than anticipated;
		

				
			
		


 which is critical to our success in our competitive
 brand-conscious industry;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 well-funded
 established companies currently operating in the beverage industry generally
 including in the fountain business
 particularly from other major beverage companies;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 including potential reduced consumer demand due to health concerns (including obesity) and legislative initiatives against sweetened beverages;
		

				
			
		


 and to manage consumer response to such new products and new initiatives;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 maintain and expand distribution arrangements with independent distributors
 retailers
 brokers and national retail accounts
 most of whom sell and distribute competing products

		
		

			
		

to employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products;
		

				
			
		


 and to maintain
 our private label relationship with 7-Eleven;
		

				
			
		

			
 including the impact on our inventory
 revenue and cash flow;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 which could make management of our distribution efforts inefficient or unprofitable;
		

				
			
		


 as well as other factors that may adversely affect our supply chain
 including increases in raw material costs
 potential shortages of glass in the supply chain and the impact of COVID-19;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 hemp
 or related products;
		

				
			
		


 the loss of whom would directly affect our efficiency and operations and could materially impair our ability to execute our growth strategy;
		

				
			
		


 the failure of which may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing effectively;
		

				
			
		


 which could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 particularly between the United States and Canadian dollars;
		

				
			
		


 national or global economic
 political
 social and other conditions that may adversely impact our business and results of operations
 including COVID-19; 
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 and any actual or perceived limitations to our common stock by being traded on the OTCQB Marketplace
 including the level of trading activity
 volatility or market liquidity.

			
		


 results and prospects
 see &#x201C;Item&nbsp;1A. Risk Factors.&#x201D; Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in our other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including our periodic reports on Forms&nbsp;10-Q and current reports on Form&nbsp;8-K
 and those described from time to time in our press releases and other communications
 which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business

		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



Market for Registrant&#x2019;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						




 to the extent not set forth herein
 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 2020 annual meeting of shareholders. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the 2019 fiscal year.



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 produce
 market and distribute premium beverages that we sell and distribute primarily in the United States and Canada through our network of independent distributors and directly to our national and regional retail accounts. We also sell products in select international markets. Our products are sold in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 on fountain in restaurants
 &#x201C;up and down the street&#x201D; in independent accounts such as delicatessens
 sandwich shops and burger restaurants
 as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. We refer to our network of independent distributors as our direct store delivery (&#x201C;DSD&#x201D;) channel
 and we refer to our national and regional accounts who receive shipments directly from us as our direct to retail (&#x201C;DTR&#x201D;) channel. We do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party contract manufacturers. We also sell various products online
 including soda with customized labels
 wearables
 candy and other items

		

			
		


 a Canadian company formed in 1986. Our principal place of business is located at 66 South Hanford Street
 Suite 150
 Seattle

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 Jones Soda

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

in premium glass bottles and cans
on fountain
 utilizing customer photos on the fountain equipment and cups. Over 
 and the fact that our products are made from high quality ingredients
. We also sell Jones Soda in more traditional flavors such as Cream Soda
 Root Beer and Orange &amp; Cream
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 our fountain equipment and cups are branded with an engaging collage of consumer-submitted photos that are inspired by the business themes of our retail partners and the regions in which they are located. Our fountain offerings include traditional flavors such as Cane Sugar Cola
 Sugar Free Cola
 as well as cane sugar sweetened Ginger Ale
 Orange &amp; Cream
 Root Beer and Lemon Lime.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rounding out the lineup are two of our most popular cane sugar flavors
 Berry Lemonade and Green Apple. We have developed other products in select markets that include teas
 lemonade
 vitamin enhanced waters
 hydration beverages

		

			
		


 corporate accounts
 retailers
In 2019
 we secured a 17 location pizzeria chain in Western Washington
 We feel that Jones on fountain enhances the consumer experience

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

represents an entirely new beverage category that was inspired by the distinctive refreshment stands found along the streets of Rome
a premium non-carbonated
Lemoncocco was designed to be on trend
 for food pairing

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 we announced our partnership with 7-Eleven
 Inc. and together created the 7-Select brand of premium sodas crafted by Jones
 the first premium carbonated beverage in the 7-Select private brand lineup. 7-Select continues to be available exclusively at participating 7-Eleven locations across the United States. During 2019

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

Our Jones Soda beverages are classified in the sparkling beverage category
 which encompasses the carbonated soft drinks (CSD) segment. According to May 2019 issue of Beverage Digest
 during 2019
 the CSD continued to grow with an increase of 3.3% as a result of raising prices
 which was more than double the 1.3% gain achieved in 2017. Beverage Digest estimates that CSD pricing across all channels in 2018 was up by about 3.4%
 more than the 2.6% realized in 2017. Within the CSD segment are craft and premium sodas
 which provide consumers with unique premium alternatives to the large corporate brands and is where our Jones Soda line competes. According to Grand View Research (November 2017)
 the craft soda market is projected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 3.5% and reach $732 million by the year 2025. In the United States
 craft and premium sodas are typically distributed through the grocery
 drug
 mass
 club
 convenience

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			

			
		


 we intend to pursue the development of new extensions to Jones products

		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		


 delivering different offerings through alternate channels. In determining the most advantageous distribution channel
 we also consider what works best for the customer
 allowing for better retail activation and in-store presence
 including seeking placement on shelves that are normally restricted to national mainstream brands and placement in the cold-aisle

		

			
		


 2019
 our top three accounts by revenue represented in aggregate approximately 43% of revenue. Specifically
 in 2019
 we generated 24% of our revenues from sales to A. Lassonde Inc. (&#x201C;Lassonde&#x201D;)
 one of our independent distributors
 and 11% of our revenues from sales to Mitsui &amp; Co. (&#x201C;Mitsui&#x201D;)
 an independent distributor for sales to 7-Eleven. We intend to continue to expand our distributor network and DTR accounts

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

We contract with independent trucking companies to have our product shipped from our contract manufacturers to independent warehouses and then on to our distributors and national retail accounts. Distributors then sell and deliver our products either to sub-distributors or directly to retail accounts. We recognize revenue upon receipt by our distributors and national account customers of our products
 net of discounts and promotional allowances
 and all sales are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to credit issues
 quality or damage issues
 or distributor changes
 we may accept returned product

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 grocery stores

		

			
		


 we grant our independent distributors exclusive distribution rights in defined territories
 which may include invasion fees in the event we provide product directly to one of our national retailers located in the distributor&#x2019;s region. We are also obligated to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor agreements
 unless the termination is for &#x201C;cause. For example
 we are party to a distribution agreement with Lassonde that
 unless earlier terminated by either party for &#x201C;cause
&#x201D; currently renews on an annual basis
 unless either party gives notice to the other party of its intention not to renew the agreement not less than 90 days prior to the commencement of the next renewal term.&nbsp;&nbsp;The distribution agreement grants Lassonde the exclusive right to sell our products throughout Canada
 subject to certain exceptions for our national accounts
 and imposes certain requirements on Lassonde

		

			
		


 we actively seek to obtain listings for our products with key retail grocery
 convenience and mass merchandiser accounts

		

			
		


 consumer demand
 and localized store variances. Our accounts listing changes from time to time
 as new retail accounts are added and others are canceled. To find a retailer that carries our products
 our product locator is available on our website under &#x201C;
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 including convenience store chains
 mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these programs
 we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and the account is serviced through the retailer&#x2019;s appointed distribution system (rather than through our DSD network). These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
 including our fountain and slush products

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 primarily in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 on fountain in restaurants and &#x201C;up and down the street&#x201D; in independent accounts such as delicatessens
 sandwich shops and burger restaurants as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. In 2019
 sales in the United States represented approximately 75% of total sales
 while sales in Canada represented approximately 24% (through our distributor relationship with Lassonde)

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

brands. This market is driven by trendy
 young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality and better ingredients in their beverage choices. While we are known for our unique and innovative flavors
position us as a leader in the growing premium craft segment of the industry. Additionally
 through the labels on our bottles and our invitation to consumers to send in photographs to be featured on the Jones Soda labels
 we focus on a coherent message and call to action
 thus escaping the uniformity that we believe plagues so many other brands. We select photos throughout the year to be placed on our bottles and cans for distribution
 and also invite consumers to celebrate special occasions and memories by creating their own label through myJones.com. In that space
 consumers have the ability to customize their own label and product with a photo and short caption using a proprietary patented process. In addition to creative labeling on our products
 we provide our distributors with point-of-sale promotional materials and branded apparel items. We believe that our labeling
 marketing and promotional materials are important elements to creating and increasing consumer appeal
 as well as distributor and retailer awareness

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


skateboarding
 BMX biking
In addition
 In addition
 we have retained a
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 and we have had success in creating social media hubs through forums such as Facebook
 Twitter and Instagram. Our consumers have responded by bringing us onto their social media pages and into their lives

		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 ranging from businesses to end consumers
 customized and personalized 12-packs of Jones Soda (in bottles) that they can create with their own photos on the labels. The strategy of this program is to provide a customized and personalized product offering to our consumers as well as an innovative marketing opportunity for our Jones Soda brand. Consumers can upload their photos through our website and create their own &#x201C;myJones&#x201D; labels. The personalized labels are downloaded at our headquarters

		

			
		


 as well as provided for increased consumer interactivity with

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 stickers
 hats and T-shirts to create and increase consumer awareness of our proprietary products and brands. In response to consumer demand
 we also sell our products and our wearables on our website. In selected cities

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

create and increase brand awareness and loyalty. We use recreational vehicles

		

			
		


 we partner with companies that will manufacture Jones-related products that we feel extend and enhance our Jones brand. We currently have a licensing arrangement with a third party to manufacture and distribute Jones Soda Flavor Booster hard candy. In addition to these marketing techniques

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 investing in various events that are in alignment with our brand demographic.&nbsp;&nbsp;We invest in skateboarding events and partner with like-minded companies that we believe maintain a similar connection to our core demographic. At these events
 we are able to display our logo and participate in sampling activities where we encourage the tasting of our products to encourage purchases of our brand at retail establishments where our products are sold. We anticipate investing in more of these events as we focus on marketing efforts in support of our core brand

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 we partnered with Young Audiences
 one of the nation&#x2019;s largest arts-in-education networks
to launch the Jones Soda Photography Curriculum
 mission is to ensure arts remain an integral part of youth education
 with the help of organizations such as Jones Soda. We feel that it is a worthy cause directly aimed at supporting the children that make up our fan base. Customer-submitted photos are one of our key assets
 and to utilize them in a way that we can give back to the community

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 retailers and distributors. We believe this is accomplished by keeping open dialog directly with our consumers through our website

		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

&nbsp;&nbsp;We analyze existing and potential distribution channels
 whether DSD
 DTR or a blend of these channels. This analysis addresses
 among other things
 which companies will distribute particular beverage brands and products
 where such companies may distribute such brands and products

		

			
		

&nbsp;&nbsp;We review all aspects of production of our beverages
 including contract packing capacity
 strategic production locations
 and quality control

		

			
		

&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on our evaluation of the market
 distributors and production issues
 we create and develop the concept for a beverage brand
 product or product extension. Our technical services department then works with various flavor concentrate houses to test

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		



		

			
		


 we need to continuously improve our core product line
 Jones Soda as consumer tastes continue to change.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each new flavor of Jones Soda that we introduce will be made with less sugar and no artificial colors or flavors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In 2019 we introduced in the Canadian market a new Watermelon flavor of Jones which had these characteristics.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition

		

			
		


 we have created and launched a new brand with its own separate identity from the Jones Soda brand
 Lemoncocco
		

			
		


 Inc. wherein both companies partnered to create 7-Select brand premium sodas crafted by Jones
 the first premium carbonated beverage in the 7-Select private brand lineup.
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 products and product extensions.

			
		


 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with all non-alcoholic beverages
 most of which are marketed by companies with substantially greater financial resources than ours. We also compete with regional beverage producers and &#x201C;private label&#x201D; 
		

			
		


 from time to time we develop and introduce new products and product extensions
 and when warranted
 new brands. Lemoncocco
 our premium non-carbonated beverage
 is an example of a new product we introduced 
		

			
		



		

			
		



		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party bottlers and independent contract manufacturers (co-packers). We currently use primary co-packers located in Canada and the United States. Once the product is manufactured
 for most co-packers
 we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 flavors
 supplements
 sugar
 bottles
 cans
 labels
 trays
 caps and packaging. Substantially all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our bottle and can products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance with our specifications. These raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials

		

			
		


 flavor concentrate suppliers own the proprietary rights to the flavors. Although we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors
 we have exclusive rights to the use of the flavor concentrates developed with our suppliers. In connection with the development of new products and flavors
 independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at relatively low cost. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers

		

			
		

			
 our supply agreement with our glass supplier provides us with some price protection.
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

 of product
 our contract manufacturer undertakes extensive testing of product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
 carbonation
 taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. Samples from each production run are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. For each product

		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 provincial
 state and local health agencies
 including in particular Health Canada
 Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) and the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA and AAFC also regulate labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect to our products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place to ensure compliance with production

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

Legal requirements have been enacted in several jurisdictions in the United States and Canada requiring that deposits or certain eco-taxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other beverage container-related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax and/or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the United States and Canada. We anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local
 state and federal levels

		

			
		



		

			
		


 symbol) for use in connection with our products
 including &#x201C;JONES
&#x201D; &#x201C;JONES SODA CO.
		

			
		


 trademark registrations expire 10&nbsp;years from the filing date or registration date
 with the exception in Canada

		

			
		


e have the exclusive rights to our flavor concentrates developed with our current flavor concentrate suppliers

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


employees
 all of which are full-time
employees
 are employed in sales and marketing capacities
are employed in customer service
 manufacturing and quality control capacities. None of our employees are represented by labor unions.
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 we are required to file our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements on Schedule 14A and other information (including any amendments) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#x201C;SEC&#x201D;). You can find our SEC filings at the SEC&#x2019;s website at 
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 or furnish it to
 the SEC. In addition

		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 officers and employees of Jones Soda Co.
		

				
			
		

			

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 66 South Hanford Street
 Suite 150
 Seattle

		

			
		

			
		


 Chief Executive Officer
 Director

		



		

			
		


 Chairman
 Ryan
 Swanson &amp; Cleveland

		



		


 C
		


 former C
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		


 including our financial condition and results of operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business could be harmed

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 in part
December 31
December 31
 201
		

			
		


 difficulties
 complications
 delays
 and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our financial condition. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had
 and will continue to have
 an adverse effect on our financial condition. If our products do not achieve sufficient market acceptance and our revenues do not increase significantly
 we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future
 we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital
 expand our business

		

			
		

f we are not able to successfully execute on our future operating plans
 our financial condition and results of operation may be materially adversely affected

		

			
		



		

			
		



		

			
		


 2019
 we entered into a securities purchase agreement with Heavenly Rx Ltd. (Heavenly RX) pursuant to which we sold to Heavenly 15
000
000 shares of common stock and a warrant to purchase up to an additional 15
000
000 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $9
000
000 in cash. We intend to use the proceeds for general working capital and other purposes
 including sales and marketing
 product development and capital expenditures for its legacy business and new business initiatives. However
 if we are unable to effectively utilize the proceeds of this financing

		

			
		



		

			
		

 require additional financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require
 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
We intend to continually monitor and adjust our&nbsp;operating&nbsp;plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		



		

			
		


 were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern
 the report of our independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies our financial statements for the year ended December 31
 contains a going concern qualification in which such firm expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
 based on the financial statements at that time. Specifically
 as noted above
 we have experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities
 and we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. These prior losses and expected future losses have had
 and will continue to have
 an adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition
 as noted above
 continued operations and our ability to continue as a going concern may be dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing in the near future and thereafter
 and there are no assurances that such financing will be available to us at all or will be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate additional funds in the future through sales of our products
 financings or from other sources or transactions
 we will exhaust our resources and will be unable to continue operations. If we cannot continue as a going concern

		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		


 trendy
 young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality in their beverage choices. In addition
 our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth. If we are not successful in the revitalization and growth of our brand and product offerings
 In addition
 we may not be able to effectively execute our marketing strategies in light of the various closures and event cancellations caused by the COVID-19 outbreak. A
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 marketing and promotional programs will have the desired impact on our products&#x2019; branding and on consumer preferences. In addition
 negative public relations and product quality issues
 whether real or imagined
 could tarnish our reputation and image of the affected brands and could cause consumers to choose other products. Our brand image can also be adversely affected by unfavorable reports
 studies and articles
 litigation
 or regulatory or other governmental action

		

			
		


 well-financed non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our distribution relationships and may hinder development of our existing markets

		

			
		


 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with all non-alcoholic beverages

		

			
		

			
premium soft drink companies. These national and international competitors have advantages such as lower production costs
 larger marketing budgets
 greater financial and other resources and more developed and extensive distribution networks than ours. We may not be able to grow our volumes or maintains our selling prices

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

Increased competitor consolidations
 market-place competition
 particularly among branded beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and financial targets. As a means of maintaining and expanding our distribution network
Lemoncocco
 our new premium non-carbonated beverage
We may not be successful in doing this
 or it may take us longer than anticipated to achieve market acceptance of these new products and brands
 if at all.&nbsp;&nbsp;Other companies may be more successful in this regard over the long term. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse effect on our existing markets

		

			
		



		

			
		


 products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet our consumers&#x2019; changing preferences could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary and consumers&#x2019; preferences and loyalties change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and innovate new products to introduce to our consumers
 we may not succeed. Customer preferences also are affected by factors other than taste
 such as health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns
 shifting consumer needs
 changes in consumer lifestyles
 In addition
If we do not adequately anticipate or adjust to respond to these and other changes in customer preferences

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 as well as increased public scrutiny
 new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages (as described below)
 and additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing and labeling/packing of the beverage industry. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further
 increasing public concern with respect to sweetened beverages could reduce demand for our beverages and increase desire for more low-calorie soft drinks
 water
 enhanced water
 coffee-flavored beverages
 tea
 and beverages with natural sweeteners. We are continuously working to reduce calories and sugar in our Jones Cane Sugar products while launching new products like Lemoncocco

		

			
		


 including new taxes

		

			
		


 state and local governments in the United States
 or other countries in which we operate could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing our beverages. Several municipalities in the United States have implemented or are considering implementing taxes on the sale of certain &#x201C;sugared&#x201D; beverages
 including non-diet soft drinks
 fruit drinks

		

			
		

cannabis
 hemp or related products.
		

			
		


 2019
 approximately forty states authorized industrial hemp programs pursuant to the Farm Bill. Continued development of the industrial hemp and cannabis industries will be dependent upon new legislative authorization of industrial hemp and cannabis at the state level
 and further amendment or supplementation of legislation at the federal level. Any number of events or occurrences could slow or halt progress all together in this space. While progress within the industrial hemp and cannabis industries is currently encouraging
 growth is not assured. While there appears to be ample public support for favorable legislative action
 numerous factors may impact or negatively affect the legislative process(es) within the various states where we have business interests. Any one of these factors could slow or halt use of industrial hemp and cannabis
 which could negatively impact our business and financial results.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the manufacture
 labeling and distribution of our products is regulated by various federal

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

legal proceedings
 which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability to sell products in the future. The FDA regulates our products to ensure that the products are not adulterated or misbranded. In particular
 we would be subject to regulation by the federal government and other state and local agencies as a result of the development and commercialization of cannabidiol (CBD) products. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with different compliance in multiple jurisdictions increases the possibility that we may violate one or more of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to our business
 we may be subject to penalties
 including
 without limitation
 civil and criminal penalties
 damages
 fines
 the curtailment or restructuring of our operations

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 retailers and brokers could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our products

		

			
		


 and to establish markets in new geographic distribution areas
 is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
 retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
 including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses. The success of this network will depend on the performance of the distributors
 retailers and brokers of this network. There is a risk that the mentioned entities may not adequately perform their functions within the network by
 without limitation
 failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our products in localities that may not be receptive to our product. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell our products is affected by competition from other beverage companies who have greater resources than we do. To the extent that our distributors
 retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore
 such third-parties&#x2019; financial position or market share may deteriorate
 which could adversely affect our distribution

		

			
		


 retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors

		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 retailers and brokers.

			
		


 thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 nor do we anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish
 long-term contractual commitments from some of our distributors. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover

		

			
		



		

			
		


 2019
 our top three accounts by revenue represented in aggregate approximately 43% of revenue. Specifically
 in 2019
 we generated 24% of our revenues from sales to Lassonde
 one of our independent distributors
 and 11% of our revenues from sales to Mitsui
 an independent distributor for sales to 7-Eleven. We continually seek to expand and upgrade our distributor network
 DTR accounts and national retail relationships. However
 we may not be able to maintain our key distributor base. The loss of any of our key distributors (such as Lassonde or Mitsui) or national accounts (including our private label relationship with 7-Eleven) could have adverse effects on our revenues
 liquidity and financial results

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

negatively impact our ability to retain our relationships with our other distributors and our ability to expand our market

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 independent distributors typically order products from us on a &#x201C;just in time&#x201D; basis in quantities and at such times based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly
 we cannot predict the timing or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally
 our larger distributors and national partners
 like 7-Eleven Inc.
 may make orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shortages in inventory levels

		

			
		



		

			
		


 particularly for new products
 seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate distributor or retailer demand for our products
 we may end up with too much inventory
 resulting in higher storage costs
 increased trade spend and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand
 we could damage our relationships with our distributors and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities
 which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and retailers is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products

		

			
		



		

			
		


 and we do not anticipate bringing the manufacturing process in-house in the future. Our ability to maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is important to the success of our operations within each distribution area. Competition for contract manufacturers&#x2019; business is intense
 especially in the western United States
 and this could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement manufacturers
 or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various distribution areas
 and could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our existing manufacturers. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers
 whether in existing or new geographic distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce gross profits from the sale of our products in that area. Poor relations with any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale
 which would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition. In addition
 our agreements with our contract manufacturers are terminable at any time

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 which is customary in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies. Based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the particular geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located
 we continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers to use. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements
 or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more product inventory than warranted by the actual demand for it
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements and our inventory levels may impair relationships with our independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 aluminum cans
 labels and cardboard cartons
 aluminum closures
 flavorings
 sucrose/inverted pure cane sugar and sucralose. In addition
 certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow such contract manufacturers to increase their charges to us based on their own cost increases. These manufacturing and ingredient costs are subject to fluctuation. Substantial increases in the prices of our ingredients
 raw materials and packaging materials
 to the extent that they cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of finished beverage products
 would increase our operating costs and could reduce our profitability. If our supply of these raw materials is impaired or if prices increase significantly

		

			
		

Our fixed-price purchase commitment for glass
 which helps mitigate the risk of unexpected price increases
 The prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers

		

			
		


 sugar
 and other key supplies
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
 in the past there have been industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners and these shortages could occur again from time to time in the future

		

			
		


 suppliers could fail to provide ingredients or raw materials on a timely basis
 or fail to meet our performance expectations
 for a number of reasons
 including
 for example
 disruption to the global supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak
 which could cause a serious disruption to our business
 increase our costs
 decrease our operating efficiencies and have a material adverse effect on our business

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in high fuel prices
 which many shipping companies have passed on to their customers by way of higher base pricing and increased fuel surcharges.&nbsp;&nbsp;If fuel prices increase
 we expect to experience higher shipping rates and fuel surcharges
 and beyond. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers
		

			
		


 contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business

		

			
		


 through our suppliers
 business partners
 contract manufacturers
 independent distributors and retailers
 to make
 move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire or explosion
 terrorism
 pandemics such as influenza and the novel coronavirus (COVID-19)
 labor strikes or other reasons
 could impair the manufacture
 distribution and sale of our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business

		

			
		



		

			
		


 and continually develop other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to their flavors. Although we have the exclusive rights to flavor concentrates developed with our current flavor concentrate suppliers
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors and concentrates. Consequently
 we may be unable to obtain these same flavors or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel
 our efficiency and operations would be adversely affected; in addition

		

			
		


 sales
 marketing and product development. We compete to hire new employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and competencies. We may not be able to provide our employees with competitive salaries
 and our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees

		

			
		


 we have experienced significant changes in our key personnel
 especially on our finance team
 and more could occur in the future. Changes to operations
 policies and procedures
 which can often occur with the appointment of new personnel
 can create uncertainty
 may negatively impact our ability to execute quickly and effectively
 and may ultimately be unsuccessful. In addition
 management transition periods are often difficult as the new employees gain detailed knowledge of our operations
 and friction can result from changes in strategy and management style. Management turnover inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge
 which can negatively affect strategy and execution. Until we integrate new personnel
 and unless they are able to succeed in their positions
 we may be unable to successfully manage and grow our business

		

			
		


 to the extent we experience additional management turnover
 our operations
 financial condition and employee morale could be negatively impacted.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 competition for top management is high and it may take months to find a candidate that meets our requirements. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified management personnel
 our business could suffer. Moreover

		

			
		

			

		

			
		


 in June 2012.&nbsp;If we were to lose the services of Ms. Cue
 our ability to execute our 
		

			
		


 which causes uncertainties and may harm our business.
		

			
		


 we have experienced significant changes in the composition of our board of directors
 and more could occur in the future. Former director Richard Cautero did not stand for re-election at our 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 former directors Christopher Beach
 Vanessa Walker and Ray Silcock resigned in 2019 and directors Paul Norman and Clive Sirkin were appointed to the board of directors to fill open vacancies in August 2019. Changes to strategy
 oversight
 policies and procedures
 which can often occur with the election of new directors
 can create uncertainty
 may negatively impact our ability to execute quickly and effectively
 and may ultimately be unsuccessful. In addition
 director transition periods are often difficult as the new directors gain detailed knowledge of our operations
 policies and procedures
 and friction can result from changes in strategy and management style. Board turnover inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge
 which can negatively affect strategy and execution. Until we effectively integrate new directors
 we may be unable to successfully manage and grow our business

		

			
		



		

			
		


 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success
 and we actively pursue the registration of our trademarks in the United States
 Canada and internationally. However
 the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights may not be adequate and may not prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In addition
 other parties may seek to assert infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or sell our brands

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

As part of the licensing strategy of our brands
 we enter into licensing agreements under which we grant our licensing partners certain rights to use our trademarks and other designs. Although our agreements require that the use of our trademarks and designs is subject to our control and approval
 any breach of these provisions
 or any other action by any of our licensing partners that is harmful to our brands
 goodwill and overall image

		

			
		



		

			
		


 real or imagined
 or allegations of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish our image and could cause consumers to choose other products. In addition
 because of changing government regulations or implementation thereof
 or allegations of product contamination

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all product liability claims that may arise. To the extent our product liability coverage is insufficient
 a product liability claim would likely have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition. In addition

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production batch or &#x201C;run&#x201D; is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we cannot anticipate whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 if they become applicable to one or more of our products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations
 may inhibit sales of such products. In California
 a law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. If a component found in one of our products is added to the list
 or if the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that may become available under this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may be amended
 results in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in one of our beverages produced for sale in California

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 uncertainties and costs
 including distraction of management attention away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our employees and agents with all U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable to our business operations
 including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless
 our policies and procedures may not ensure full compliance by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties
 including substantial monetary fines

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 contribute to our revenue and profitability
 and we believe that developing and emerging markets could present future growth opportunities for us.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 there can be no assurance that existing or new products that we manufacture
 distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular foreign market
 due to local or global competition
 product price
 cultural differences
 consumer preferences or otherwise.&nbsp;&nbsp;There are many factors that could adversely affect demand for our products in foreign markets
 including our inability to attract and maintain key distributors in these markets; volatility in the economic growth of certain of these markets; changes in economic
 political or social conditions
 the status and renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement
 imposition of new or increased labeling
 product or production requirements
 or other legal restrictions; restrictions on the import or export of our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; inflationary currency
laws and regulations. If we are unable to effectively operate or manage the risks associated with operating in international markets
 our business

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

 been associated with increased sales of our products
 changing weather patterns could have a negative impact on agricultural productivity
 which may limit availability or increase the cost of certain key ingredients such as sugar cane
 natural flavors and supplements used in our products. Also
 increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities
 the operation of our supply chain or impact demand for our products. In addition
 the increasing concern over climate change may result in more regional
 federal and global legal and regulatory requirements and could result in increased production
 transportation and raw material costs. As a result

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

 We may not have the necessary financial resources to update and maintain our IT infrastructure
could adversely impact our operations. In addition
ur IT is vulnerable to cyberattacks
 computer viruses
 worms and other malicious software programs
 physical and electronic break-ins
 sabotage and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology infrastructure and our operations from these IT-related and other potential disruptions. However
 given the unpredictability of the timing
 disruptions
 we could potentially be subject to downtimes
 transactional errors
 processing inefficiencies
 operational delays
 other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products to our customers
 the compromising of confidential or personal information
 destruction or corruption of data
 security breaches
 other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks
 financial losses from remedial actions
 loss of business or potential liability
 and/or damage to our reputation
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows
 competitive position

		

			
		



		

			
		



		

			
		


 our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of other factors including

		

			
		
		

				
			
		


 develop and expand distribution channels for current and new products
 develop favorable arrangements with third party distributors of our products and minimize or reduce issues associated with engaging new distributors and retailers
 including
 but not limited to
 transition costs and expenses and down time resulting from the initial deployment of our products in each new distributor&#x2019;s network;
		

				
			
		


 grocery store chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores
 mass merchandisers and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time;&nbsp;
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		

				
			
		


 develop and expand our direct-to-retail sales channels and national retail accounts
 as well as our &#x201C;myJones&#x201D; business;
		

				
			
		


 promotion allowances and slotting fees
 promotion and selling activities
 and capital expansion
 and our ability to sustain profitability;
		

				
			
		


 well-funded and established companies currently operating in the beverage industry
 as we introduce new competitive products
 such as Lemoncocco and our fountain products; and
		

				
			
		

			

			
		


 our results of operations have fluctuated from period to period and may continue to do so in the future

		

			
		



		

			
		


 for which we receive revenues in the Canadian dollar. In addition
 a significant percentage of our costs of goods are denominated in the Canadian dollar

		

			
		


 certain financial information is required to be translated from the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar. The translation of our Canadian revenues
 strengthens against the Canadian dollar and is positively affected when the U.S. dollar weakens. Similarly

		

			
		

			

 20
 as of December 31
 as of December 31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 including write-offs of acquired intangibles and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions;
		

				
			
		


 tax holidays
 and tax deductions;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			

			
		


 the President signed into law legislation that significantly revised the Internal Revenue Code. The recently enacted federal income tax law
 among other things
 contained significant changes to corporate taxation
 including reduction of the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat rate of 21% beginning in 2018
 limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30% of adjusted earnings
 limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to 80% of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks
 one time taxation of offshore earnings at reduced rates regardless of whether they are repatriated
 immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation expense over time

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate
 the overall impact of the new federal tax law remains uncertain and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition

		

			
		


 political
 social and other conditions
 including the COVID-19 pandemic

		

			
		


 and particularly those companies selling premium beverages like us
 can be affected by macro-economic factors
 including changes in national
 regional
 and local economic conditions
 unemployment levels and consumer spending patterns
 which together may impact the willingness of consumers to purchase our products as they adjust their discretionary spending. Adverse economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our distributors to obtain the credit necessary to fund their working capital needs
 which could negatively impact their ability or desire to continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they have done in the past. If we experience similar adverse economic conditions in the future
 sales of our products could be adversely affected
 collectability of accounts receivable may be compromised and we may face obsolescence issues with our inventory

		

			
		


 while the extent of the impact on our business and financial condition is unknown at this time
 we may be negatively affected by COVID-19 and actions taken to address and limit the spread of COVID-19
 such as travel restrictions
 event cancellations
 and limitations affecting the supply of labor and the movement of raw materials and finished products. If available manufacturing capacity is reduced as a result of the COVID-19
 it could negatively affect the timely supply
 pricing and availability of finished products. Moreover
 we will also be negatively impacted by current and future closures of restaurants
 independent accounts
 convenience chains
The current closures of restaurants and independent accounts will negatively affect our revenues and cash flows
 especially with respect to our fountain business
. Although the current status of retail and convenience chains remains unknown at this time
 the future closure of these types of establishments will also adversely impact our business and financial condition.
		

			
		


he Company does not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on its business
 financing activities
 or the global economy as a whole. However
 these effects could have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s liquidity
 capital resources

		

			
		



		

			
		


 implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business
 such as
 but not limited to
 stock-based compensation
 trade spend and promotions
 and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions
 estimates and judgments by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions

		

			
		



		

			
		


 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated
 can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &#x201C;Convertible Notes&#x201D;)
 pursuant to the terms of a note purchase agreement. In accordance with such note purchase agreement
 we agreed not to take certain actions without the approval of holders of not less than a majority-in-interest of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes (the &#x201C;Required Holders&#x201D;) while such Convertible Notes remain outstanding. Such actions include (a) liquidating

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

paying any cash dividend on any of our capital stock; (c) effecting a material acquisition by us
 unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors and each of the MHP Directors (as defined in the note purchase agreement); (d) increasing the size of the Board of Directors; (e) increasing our equity incentive plan by more than 10% of the amount reserved for the prior fiscal year without the approval of the Board of Directors and each of the MHP Directors (as defined in the note purchase agreement); (f) entering into any transaction with any affiliate
 officer
 director
 employee or holder of more than five percent (5%) of our capital stock
 calculated on a fully diluted basis; or (g) terminating
 or allowing to be terminated or suspended
 the listing of the shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes on the trading market. If requested by us
 the Required Holders may elect not to allow us to take these actions. In the event that we are unable to take these actions

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 2019 in connection with our financing with Heavenly RX
amending
 altering
; (c) creating
 or authorizing the creation of
 or issuing
 authorizing the issuance of or changing the terms of any debt security
 creating any lien or security interest or incurring debt
 or permitting any subsidiary to do the same (with certain exceptions); (d) effecting
 authorizing or consenting to any change of control transaction; (e) changing our strategy or principal lines of business or any of our subsidiaries; (f) liquidating or dissolving or acquiescing in the filing of a petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding; (g) committing to or making any expenditures in excess of $1
000
000 in one or a series of transactions; or (h) committing to do any of the foregoing. If requested by us
 the Investor Designees may elect not to allow us to take these actions. In the event that we are unable to take these actions

		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		


 and this volatility may continue in the future. In addition
 factors such as quarterly variations in our operating results
 litigation involving us
 general trends relating to the beverage industry
 actions by governmental agencies
 national economic and stock market considerations as well as other events and circumstances beyond our control
 including the effects of the COVID-19 outbreak

		

			
		


 we may be forced to allocate funds from other planned uses
 which may negatively impact our business and operations

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 during the first half of 2018
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of our Convertible Notes to certain institutional and individual accredited investors
 including our chief executive officer. The Convertible Notes have a four-year term from the date of issuance and bear interest at 6% per annum until maturity. The holders can convert the Convertible Notes at any time during the term into a number of shares of our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of the unpaid principal and interest on the Convertible Note by (ii) $0.32 (the &#x201C;Conversion Price&#x201D;). As of December 
 2019
 Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $1.4 million and related accrued interest were converted into 4
868
The Conversion Price is subject to broad based

		

			
		



		

			
		


 we believe that we must

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 marketing and distribution.

			
		


 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We have incurred significant operating expenses in the past and may do so again in the future and
 as a result
 will need to increase revenues in order to improve our results of operations. Our ability to increase sales will depend primarily on success in expanding our current markets
 improving our distribution base
 entering into DTR arrangements with national accounts
 and introducing new brands
 products or product extensions to the market. Our ability to successfully enter new distribution areas and obtain national accounts will
 in turn
 depend on various factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to
 the continued demand for our brands and products in target markets
 the ability to price our products at competitive levels
 the ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors in each geographic area of distribution and the ability in the future to create
 develop and successfully introduce one or more new brands
 products

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 we may issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities. The issuance of these securities could dilute our shareholders&#x2019; ownership in our company and may include terms that give new investors rights that are superior to those of our current shareholders. Moreover
 any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our common stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on our shareholders&#x2019; ownership interest

		

			
		



		

			
		


 the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq system
or qualitative standards that a company must meet to be listed on the OTCQB. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and trading in our common stock may be subject to abuses
 volatility and shorting
 which may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#x201C;FINRA&#x201D;) has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing an investment is suitable for that customer when recommending an investment to a customer. FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for some customers and may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock

		

			
		



		

			
		


 and if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend.&nbsp;&nbsp;Unless we pay dividends

		

			
		


 which may be beneficial to our shareholders

		

			
		


 limitations on the ability of shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders and advance notice procedures with respect to the nomination of candidates for election as directors. In addition
 because we are incorporated in Washington
 we are governed by the provisions of Chapter&nbsp;23B.19 of the Washington Business Corporation Act
 which
 among other things
 restricts the ability of shareholders owning 10% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

shareholders. In addition
 these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management by making it difficult for shareholders to replace members of our board of directors

		



		

			
		


 certain provisions of Washington law restrict the ability of shareholders owning 10% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us. In connection with our strategic financing with Heavenly RX
 effective as of July 11
 2019
 our board of directors approved
 solely for purposes of&nbsp;RCW&nbsp;23B.19.040(1)(a)(ii)
 any future purchase of shares of our common stock by Heavenly RX which results in Heavenly RX becoming an &#x201C;acquiring person&#x201D; as defined in RCW 23B.19.020(1) (defined as beneficially owning in the aggregate total outstanding shares of common stock comprising 10% or more of the voting power of the Company). As a result
 Heavenly RX has the ability to acquire shares of our common stock in the future without being subject to the anti-takeover restrictions provided by Washington law.&nbsp; Subject to the standstill agreement entered into by Heavenly RX in connection with our strategic financing
 which imposes certain restrictions on the ability of Heavenly RX to acquire any of our securities until the earlier to occur of (i) July 11
 and (ii) the date on which the warrant held by Heavenly RX is exercised in full
 this prior board approval could enable Heavenly RX to purchase additional shares of our common stock without being required to seek approval from our board of directors

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


500 square feet of retail/office space in Seattle
 Washington for our principal executive and administrative offices. The initial term of the lease was five years
 expiring February 2020.&nbsp;&nbsp;Effective as of February 4
 2020
 we amended the lease to extend the term through February 28
 2025.
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#x2019;S COMMON EQUITY

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

March 1
 20
61
667
shares of common stock issued and outstanding
holders of record
 although there are a much larger number of beneficial owners. The last reported sale price per share on 
 20
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 such as statements of our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. As described at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could contribute to such differences include those discussed at the beginning of this Report
 below in this section and in the section above entitled &#x201C;Risk Factors.&#x201D; You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which apply only as of the date of this Report. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect new information
 events or circumstances after the date of this Report

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 produce
 we sell and distribute primarily in North America through our network of independent distributors and directly to our national and regional retail accounts. We also sell products in select international markets. Our products are sold primarily in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 on fountain in restaurants
 &#x201C;up and down the street&#x201D; in independent accounts such as delicatessens
 &nbsp;
) channel
) channel. We do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party contract manufacturers. We also sell various products online
 including soda with customized labels
 wearables
 candy and other items

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			

			
		


 we intend to pursue the development of new extensions to Jones products

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 201
 revenue was approximately 
 a decrease of 
 or 
December 31
 201
 volume during 2019
For the year ended December 31
 2019
 promotion allowances and slotting fees
 which offset revenue
 totaled approximately $1.7 million
 $258
000
 or 17.4%
 from approximately $1.5 million in 2018. 
		

			
		

2019 and 2018
 the percentage of our revenues generated in Canada was 2

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


383&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


736&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

December 31
 201
 gross profit decrease
000

December 31
 201
December 31
 201
December 31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 201
 &nbsp;
000
 or 
December 31
December 31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 201
 a
000

December 31
 primarily due to an increase in consulting expenses
 investor relation expenses
December 31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
000 of interest expense for
 201
000 for the 
 201
 primarily related to the amortization of the discount associated with the beneficial conversion feature on the Convertible Notes
 along with the amortization of associated closing costs and interest related to the Convertible Notes. For the 
 201
 cash paid for interest was $
000 and $
000
 respectively
 and was primarily related to our line of credit

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


December 31
 2019
December 31
 2018
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
000

000
 primarily related to the tax provision on income from our Canadian operations. We have not recorded any tax benefit for the loss in our U.S.&nbsp;operations as we have recorded a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets. We expect to continue to record a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets until we sustain an appropriate level of taxable income through improved U.S.&nbsp;operations. Our effective tax rate is based on recurring factors
 including the forecasted mix of income before taxes in various jurisdictions

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
December 31
 factors mentioned above

 as well as 
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 201
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately 
000
 respectively
1.8 million

payables

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

For the year ended December 31
 2019
 net cash provided by financing activities totaled approximately $8.4 million compared to approximately $2.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2018 primarily as a result of the proceeds from our July 2019 private placement whereby we sold to Heavenly Rx Ltd. 15
000
000 shares of common stock and a warrant to purchase up to an additional 15
000
000 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $9
000
 million for the year ended December 31
 for the year ended December 31
 2018. Our accumulated deficit increased to $67.0 million as of December 31
 2019 compared to an accumulated deficit of $64.2 million as of December 31

		

			
		


 finance operations
 and indicates substantial doubt 
		

			
		


 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 currently
 based upon our near-term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
 is not sufficient to enable us to fund operations for 12 months from the date the financial statements included in this Report are issued.&nbsp;&nbsp;We allowed our line of credit to expire according to its terms in December 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our ability to continue operations is dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on our ability to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. 
may reduce demand for the Company&#x2019;s products
 and may negatively impact the Company&#x2019;s supply chain
		

			
		

			
$28
000
 respectively
From time to time
. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all
 of any of the outstanding stock options
		

			
		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for available debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan.
 may reduce demand for the Company&#x2019;s products
We believe it is imperative that we meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our operating plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
ompany and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		


 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.&nbsp;The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis
 we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions
 or if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. Many of our estimates or judgments are based on anticipated future events or performance
 and as such are forward-looking in nature
 and are subject to many risks and uncertainties

		

			
		


 and there may be other accounting policies that are significant to us. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and our other accounting policies

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
 &nbsp;
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 which are manufactured and procured based on our sales forecasts. We value inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory
 on a first in-first out basis. These valuations are subject to customer acceptance
 planned and actual product changes
 demand for the particular products
 and our estimates of future realizable values based on these forecasted demands. We regularly review inventory detail to determine whether a write-down is necessary. We consider various factors in making this determination
 including recent sales history and predicted trends
 industry market conditions and general economic conditions. The amount and timing of write-downs for any period could change if we make different judgments or use different estimates. We also determine whether a provision for obsolete or excess inventory is required on products that are over 12&nbsp;months from production date or any changes related to market conditions

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 we run trade spend and promotional programs with distributors and retailers to help promote on- shelf discounts to our consumers. Additionally
 in more limited instances
 we enter into customer marketing agreements or various other slotting arrangements. The provisions for discounts
 slotting fees and promotion allowances is recorded as an offset to revenue and shown net on the consolidated statement of operations. Estimates are made to accrue for amounts that have not yet been invoiced in the month that the program occurs
 or in the case of slotting

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


						
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



						


			


Report of Peterson Sullivan LLP
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



						


			


						



						


			


Consolidated balance sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 201



						


			


Consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 201



						


			


Consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31
 201



						


			


Consolidated statements of shareholders&#x2019; equity (deficit) for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 201



						


			


Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 201



						


			


						



						


		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Jones Soda Co. and subsidiaries (the&nbsp;&#x201C;Company) as of December 31
&nbsp;2018
 the related consolidated statement of operations
 comprehensive loss
 shareholders' equity
 and cash flows for the period then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).&nbsp;&nbsp;In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
&nbsp;2018
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the period then ended

		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 whether due to error or fraud.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly

		

			
		


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		



		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2019



						&nbsp;




 2018


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




 except share data)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


969&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			



 net of allowance of 



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


573&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


362&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


788&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


349&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


640&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


947&nbsp;


			



 net of accumulated depreciation of 



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


852&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


068&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						


058&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


245&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


100&nbsp;


			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


333&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


528&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


725&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


771&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			



 



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


100
000
61
566
41
464
 shares
 respectively



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


773&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


211&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


988)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


210)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


127&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


852&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


068&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;




 except share data)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


508&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


558&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


125&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


822&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


383&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


736&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


447&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


492&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


288&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


071&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


735&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


563&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


352)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


827)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


749)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


055)


			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


778)



						&nbsp;



						


079)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


109
086&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


464
373&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


778)



						&nbsp;



						


079)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


732)



						&nbsp;



						


174)


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December&nbsp;31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


December&nbsp;31
 2017



						&nbsp;


464
373&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


683&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						


131)



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


079)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


079)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


December 31
 2018



						&nbsp;


464
373&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


211&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						


210)



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


179&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


868
079&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


558&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


558&nbsp;


			



 net of offering costs of 



						&nbsp;


000
000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


817&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


817&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


445&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


778)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


778)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


December 31
 2019



						&nbsp;


566
076&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


773&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						


988)



						&nbsp;



						


127&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


778)



						&nbsp;



						


079)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


344)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


704)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


817&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


783&nbsp;


			



 net of proceeds



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


417&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


353&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


952&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 beginning of period 



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 end of period 



						&nbsp;



						


969&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


558&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 produces
 markets and distributes premium beverages which 
		

			
		

 operating subsidiaries

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 2019 and 2018
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately $6.0 million and $991
000
 respectively
 and working capital of approximately $8.4 million and $1.8 million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years 2019 and 2018 totaled approximately $3.3 million and $1.7 million

		

			
		

 uncertainties about the Company&#x2019;s ability to execute its business plan
 finance operations
 and indicate
		

			
		


 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 currently
 based upon the Company&#x2019;s near term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
 is not sufficient to enable the Company to fund operations for twelve months from the date the financial statements included in this Report are issued.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our line of credit expired by its terms in December 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt as to the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management&#x2019;s plans to fund its operations are dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. The continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company&#x2019;s ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for the Company&#x2019;s products

		

			
		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 As discussed in Note 13
he continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company&#x2019;s ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for the Company&#x2019;s products
 and may negatively impact the Company&#x2019;s supply chain. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative that we meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our operating plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 and Level 3 includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available

		

			
		


 receivables
During the first half of 2018
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
$1
437
2
846
 December 31
 
The fair value of Convertible Notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates
 which represent level 
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


December 31
 20
 respectively
Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 beginning of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			



 end of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		


 
% of our outstanding accounts receivable. As of December 31
 
 &nbsp;
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
and $6
 December 31
9 and 2018
 respectively
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 which include fixed assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Net transaction
000 for 
000 for 
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 
 (&#x201C;ASC 606&#x201D;). 
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
 Segment information

		

			
		



		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

The Company&#x2019;s performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time when products are received by the customer
 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company&#x2019;s contracts have a single performance obligation (
 Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue
 and totaled $
000 and $1
000 for the years ended December 31
 201

		

			
		


 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances in the same period that the revenue is recognized for product sales to customers. The amount of revenue recognized represents the amount that will not be subject to a significant future reversal of revenue. The liability for promotional allowances is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts paid for slotting fees are recorded as prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the corresponding term. For 
 201
 million


		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 which also include promotions and sponsorships
December 31
 201
 we incurred advertising costs of 
000
000

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary based on whether they are more likely than not to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
3
495
3
825
083
5
095
9
547
897
restricted stock units of 149
824 and 253
363
 and stock warrants of 15
000
at December 31
 
 respectively
 were anti-dilutive.
		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#x201C;ASU&#x201D;) No. 2016-02
 Leases: Topic 842 (&#x201C;ASU 2016-02&#x201D;)
 which replaces existing lease guidance. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-02 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-02 became effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 and related ASUs
 collectively &#x201C;ASC Topic 842
&#x201D; on January 1
 2019
 utilizing the alternative transition method allowed for under ASU 2018-11. The Company elected the practical expedients to not reassess the prior conclusions about lease identification under the new standard
 to not reassess lease classification
 to not separate lease and non lease components
 and to not reassess initial direct costs. As a result
 the Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset of $124
000 and $116
000
 respectively
 on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1
 2019. The adoption of ASC Topic 842 did not have a material impact on either the consolidated statement of operations or consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31

		

			
		

In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11 Leases (Topic 842)
 Targeted Improvements. With this ASU
 the FASB decided to provide another transition method in addition to the existing transition method by allowing entities to initially apply ASU 2016-02 at the adoption date (January 1
 2019 for the Company) and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. An entity that elects this additional (and optional) transition method must provide the required Topic 840 disclosures for all periods that continue to be in accordance with Topic 840. The amendments do not change the existing disclosure requirements in Topic 840 (for example
 they do not create interim disclosure requirements that entities previously were not required to provide). We 
		

			
		


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
(&#x201C;ASU 2016-13&#x201D;)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information
 current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU is effective for us in the first quarter of 20
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;




 2019



						&nbsp;




 2018


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


120&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


788&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


349&nbsp;


		

			
		


 as well as promotional merchandise held for sale. Raw materials primarily include ingredients

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 2018
 and April 18
 2018
$2
920
 of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &#x201C;Convertible&nbsp;Notes&#x201D;) to institutional investors
 our management team

		

			
		

 (the &#x201C;Conversion Price&#x201D;). The Conversion Price is subject to anti-dilution adjustment on a broad-based

		

			
		


 which is defined as amounts due in connection with our&nbsp;indebtedness for borrowed money to banks
 commercial finance lenders
 or other lending institutions regularly engaged in the business of lending money

		

			
		


4
868
 shares of common stock in accordance with the original terms of the Convertible Notes.&nbsp; As a result
 the carrying amount of the converted principal amount of such Convertible Notes
 along with the converted accrued interest
$1

000
 was credited to common stock
000
		

			
		


 2018
 per share
 therefore
$350
. The fair value of our common stock on the April 18
 2018
 per share
 which did not result in an additional beneficial conversion feature. The resulting debt discount for the Convertible Notes issued on March 23
$137
000
$392
 at December 31
 
$120
 at December 31
 
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


474&nbsp;


			


						



						


474&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

 2019
 
		

			
		

Loan Facility
 periodically request advances equal to the lesser of: (a) $3.2 million
&nbsp;or (b) the Borrowing Base which 
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) 85% of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) 50% of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed $300
000 (subject to any reserve amount established by CapitalSource)
 plus (iii) 35% of finished goods inventory not to exceed $475
As of December 31
 
 &nbsp;
		

			
		

 interest at the prime rate plus 0.75%
% as of December 31
)
 for a minimum cumulative amount of interest of $30
000 per year to be paid to
 regardless of whether or not we dr
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

6
 square feet of retail/office space in Seattle
option to extend for additional one-year terms
 indefinitely
		

			
		

December 31
 201
 we incurred rental expenses of 
000
 During the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
$139
000
		

			
		


 2019
 the Company amended the lease terms on February 4
mendment
 the Company will continue to occupy the same premises for its headquarters
ease
February 28
 2020
February 28
 2025
		

			
		


 2019
$18
. Management fees and other operational expenses were immaterial. Cash payments on our operating lease are presented as operating cash outflows in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Under the lease amendment

		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						




			


						



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;




			


						



						




		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

As of December 31
 2018
 under ASC 840

		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						




			


						



						&nbsp;




			


						



						




		

			
		

			
		

			
		


1
300
 shares
 of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors (the Board)
 of our outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year. Effective January 1
 20
 the total number of shares of common stock authorized under the Plan 
4
032
		

			
		


 the Board may grant awards to employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors. Awards may consist of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock
 stock units
 performance awards or other stock or cash-based awards. Stock options are granted at the closing price of our stock on the date of grant
December 31
 201
6
289
824
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 2019



						&nbsp;


825
083&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


445)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


037)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2019



						&nbsp;


495
601&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			



 December 31
 2019



						&nbsp;


946
079&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


361
970&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

December 31
 201
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


903
708&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


413
831&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;


893&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


248&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


000&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


495
601&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


946
079&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		


 2018
 year
$15
 by the closing share price on the date of grant (which shall be the first business day in January in each calendar year); when joining the Board each&nbsp;&nbsp;non-employee director shall receive an initial restricted stock unit award that vests over one year
 the number of shares underlying such award be determined by dividing $15
000 by the Company&#x2019;s closing stock price on the date of grant (which shall be the first trading day following the date on which such director is appointed)

		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 2019



						&nbsp;


363&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


864&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


314)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


089)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						


			



 2019



						&nbsp;


824&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;




		

			
		

10
 shares as payment for withholding taxes due in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards during the period ending December 31
 2019
 and the average price paid per share of 
		

			
		


&nbsp;2020&nbsp;consists of&nbsp;the grant of an&nbsp;annual&nbsp;non-qualified&nbsp;stock option&nbsp;award&nbsp;that vests&nbsp;on the first anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director&#x2019;s continuing&nbsp;service as of such anniversary date)
$25
 by the closing stock price&nbsp;(as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace)&nbsp;on the date of grant (which shall be the first&nbsp;trading&nbsp;day in January in each calendar year)
 and such stock option award shall have&nbsp;an exercise price equal to our closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant. When joining our board of directors
&nbsp;each&nbsp;non-employee director shall&nbsp;be granted a&nbsp;non-qualified stock option&nbsp;award that vests&nbsp;on the first anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director&#x2019;s continuing&nbsp;service as of such anniversary date)
 with&nbsp;the number of shares underlying such award determined by dividing $25
000 by our closing stock price on the first trading day following the date on which such director is appointed)
 prorated based on the date on which such director is appointed
 &nbsp;and which stock option shall be granted as of the first trading day following the date on which such director was appointed

		

			
		


 

		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		


 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management

		

			
		

December 31
 201
 we had unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options 
000
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

We employ the following key weighted-average assumptions in determining the fair value of stock options

		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


		

			
		

December 31
 201
 &nbsp;
		

			
		

December 31
$9
$6
000
The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December 31
$21
000
 respectively
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 2019
15
000
15
000
 shares of common stock (the &#x201C;Warrant&#x201D;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The aggregate purchase price for the Shares and the Warrant was $9
000
000 in cash
 which was paid to the Company at the closing of the purchase and sale on July 11
 2019
$183
.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company intends to use the proceeds for general working capital and other purposes
 including sales and marketing
 million in capital in connection with the exercise of the Warrant. The Warrant is immediately exercisable
 has a term of one-year
 and provides the Investor with the right to purchase up to 15
000
 per share
 subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock splits
 stock dividends or distributions
 reorganizations

		

			
		

$6
782
$2
035
000
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

 As currently established
 during the years ended December 31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 201
 we continue to have commitments to various suppliers of raw materials (primarily sugar and glass). Purchase obligations under these commitments are expected to total 
000
 with 
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


833)



						&nbsp;



						


143)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						


749)



						&nbsp;



						


055)


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;





						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			



 net of federal benefit 



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			



 net 



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						



						&nbsp;





						


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


104&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


567&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 net



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


463&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


871&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


463)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


871)


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						


		

			
		

December 31
and December 31
 
 the valuation allowance 
$434
000
 respectively.
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

We continually analyze the realizability of our deferred tax assets

		

			
		


 2019
 we had net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes in the United States of 
		

			
		

December 31
 201
		

			
		

			

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


680&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


520&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


768&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


949&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						


508&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


558&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		

December 31
 201
 three of our customers represented approximately 
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

On January 30
 2020
 the World Health Organization (&#x201C;WHO&#x201D;) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (&#x201C;COVID-19&#x201D;) and the risks to the international community.&nbsp;&nbsp;In March 2020
 the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic
 based on the rapid increase in exposure internationally.&nbsp;&nbsp;The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. The Company does not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on its business
 financing activities
 or the global economy as a whole. However
 these effects could have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s liquidity
 capital resources

		

			
		


 while the extent of the impact on the Company&#x2019;s business and financial condition is unknown at this time
 it may be negatively affected by COVID-19 and actions taken to address and limit the spread of COVID-19
 such as travel restrictions
 event cancellations
 and limitations affecting the supply of labor and the movement of raw materials and finished products. If available manufacturing capacity is reduced as a result of the COVID-19
 it could negatively affect the timely supply
 pricing and availability of finished products. Moreover
 the Company will also be negatively impacted by current and future closures of restaurants
 independent accounts
 convenience chains
 and retail store chains resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak. The current closures of restaurants and independent accounts will negatively affect our revenues and cash flows
 especially with respect to our fountain business
% of the Company&#x2019;s revenues in 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may also limit the Company&#x2019;s ability to access capital to fund its operations

		

			
		

			
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		

				
			
		

			

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 as amended (the &#x201C;Exchange Act&#x201D;)) that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#x2019;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
Officer
 as appropriate

		

			
		


December 31
. Based on that evaluation
December 31
 201
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management authorization; and (iv)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition

		

			
		


 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated can provide only reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. In addition
 the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems

		

			
		


 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer 
December 31
 2019
 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the COSO framework
December 31
 2019
		

			
		

December 31
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect

		

			
		



		

			
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		

				
			

			
		

			
 2020
 effective&nbsp;&nbsp;March 2
 2020
 the Board of Directors granted to Eric Chastain
 the Company&#x2019;s Chief Operating Officer
 a non-qualified stock option to purchase up to 50
000 shares of our common stock subject to the terms and conditions of the 2011 Incentive Plan
 with an exercise price equal to $0.2
 which was our stock price as reported on the OTCQB on the effective date
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

DIRECTORS

		

			
		



		

			
		


 Item 10
 will be included in our proxy statement relating to our 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (our &#x201C;2020 Proxy Statement&#x201D;)
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#x201C;Nominees
&#x201D; 
&#x201D; &#x201C;Board Meetings and Committees
&#x201D; &#x201C;Audit Committee
 &#x201C;Director Nomination Process
December 31
 2019

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 Item&nbsp;11
 Proxy Statement
December 31
 201

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 Item&nbsp;12
 Proxy Statement
December 31
 201

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 2019
 the end of the most recently completed fiscal year
 about shares of common stock that may be issued under our Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan
 our 2002 Equity Plan (which was terminated but has awards which remain outstanding in accordance with their existing terms)
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;




 RSUs



						&nbsp;




 Warrants and Rights



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


495
601&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


289
824&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


495
601&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;


289
824&nbsp;




		

			
		
		

				
			
		

Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan includes a formula for an annual increase in the number of shares authorized under the 2011 Incentive Plan
 as of January 1 of each year
 by an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 1
300
000 shares
 (b) 4.0% of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors
 provided that the number of shares that may be granted pursuant to awards in a single year may not exceed 10% of our outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year. As of January 1
 2020
 the total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Plan was an aggregate of 

032.

			
		

			
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

		

			
		


 Item&nbsp;13
 Proxy Statement
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#x201C;Transactions With Related Persons
December 31
 20

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 Item&nbsp;14
December 31
 201

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		


 related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm are included in Item&nbsp;8 of Part&nbsp;II of this Report.
		

				
			
		


 or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto.
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned

		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						
 2020



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 each of them
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other
 as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name
 place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person
 individually and in each capacity stated below
 and to file
 any and all amendments to this report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorneys-in fact and agents
 and each of them
 full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing

		

			
		



		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;




 Chief Executive Officer and Director (
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer



						&nbsp;



						
 2020


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						
 2020


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						
 2020


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						
 2020


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						
 Chairman of the Board



						&nbsp;



						
 2020


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



Articles of Incorporation of Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed as
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to our annual report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2000
 filed on March 30
 2001; File No. 333-75913).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed on November 8
 2013; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



Form of Convertible Subordinated Promissory Note (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 27
 2018; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Form of Note Purchase Agreement (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 27
 2018; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Form of Registration Rights Agreement ((Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 27
 2018; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Lease Agreement dated December 31
 2014
 by and between 66 South Hanford Street Limited Partnership and Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 7
 2015; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



irst Amendment to Lease dated February 4
 2020 (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on February 20
 2020; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Form of Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2012
 by and among the Company and the Purchasers (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed February 2
 2012; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Jones Soda Co. 2002 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Appendix B to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
 filed on April 18
 2007
 File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Annex A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
 filed on April 12
 2011
 File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement under the Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 12
 2011; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice and Agreement under the Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 12
 2011; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement under the Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed November 13
 2018; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Employment Offer Letter between Jennifer L. Cue and Jones Soda Co.
 dated August 6
 2012 (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 10
 2012; File No. 000-28820).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of July 11
 2019
 by and between the Company and Heavenly RX Ltd. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Warrant dated July 11
 2019 to purchase up to 15
000
000 shares of Common Stock (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019)


			


						



						&nbsp;



Investor Rights Agreement dated as of July 11
 2019 by and among the Company
 Heavenly RX Ltd. and the shareholders named therein (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019)


			


						



						&nbsp;



Standstill Agreement dated as of July 11
 2019 by and between the Company and Heavenly RX Ltd. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019)


			


						



						&nbsp;



Standstill Agreement dated as of July 11
 2019 by and between the Company and SOL Global Investments Corp. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.5 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019)


			


						



						&nbsp;



Form of Indemnification Agreement (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.6 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019)


			


						



						&nbsp;



Directors of Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 report on Form 8-K
eptember 30
 2019

			
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



Consent of Peterson Sullivan
 LLP (Filed herewith). 


			


						



						&nbsp;



Certification by Jennifer L. Cue
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Acting Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith).


			


						



						&nbsp;



Certification by Jennifer L. Cue
 Chief Executive Officer and Acting Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith).


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;




 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement&nbsp;&nbsp;or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.


		

			
		

			
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

	














			Exhibit 41


	

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

			
		


 and qualified in its entirety by reference to
 our Articles of Incorporation and 
 each of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;This description also summarizes relevant provisions of Washington law.&nbsp;We encourage you to read our Articles of Incorporation

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


000
000 shares of common stock

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Company. All shareholders are entitled to share equally in all dividends
 if any
 as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. In the event of liquidation
Our common stock currently trades on the OTCQB Marketplace under the symbol &#x201C;JSDA.&#x201D;&nbsp;&nbsp;The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions
 Inc. The transfer agent
 Edgewood
 NY 11717
		

			
		



		

			
		


 Bylaws and Washington law may discourage
 delay or prevent a change in the control of us or a change in our management

		

			
		

provide that our shareholders may call a special meeting only upon the request of holders of at least 10% of the votes entitled to be cast on any matter proposed for consideration at such special meeting. Additionally
 our president or our board of directors may call special meetings of shareholders. Except as required by law

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

&nbsp;contain advance notice procedures with respect to the nomination of candidates for election as directors
 other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee thereof. The existence of these advance notification provisions may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire
 or may discourage a third party from acquiring

		

			
		

 generally prohibits a &#x201C;target corporation&#x201D; from engaging in certain significant business transactions with an &#x201C;acquiring person
&#x201D; which is defined as a person or group of persons that beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting securities of the target corporation
 for a period of five years after the date the acquiring person first became a 10% beneficial owner of the voting securities of the target corporation

		
		
the time the acquiring person first became a 10% beneficial owner of the target corporation&#x2019;s voting securities. Such prohibited transactions include

		

			
		
		

				
			
		


 disposition of assets to
 or issuance or redemption of stock to or from
 the acquiring person;

			
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		
		

				
			
		

			

			
		



		

			
		
		
	














			Exhibit 211


	

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		


 incorporated in the State of Washington

			
		
		

				
			
		


 incorporated in British Columbia

			
		
		
	














			Exhibit 231


	

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

333-103939
 333-157978
 333-109173

 20
 as of and for the year ended December 31
 2019
 which appears in 
		

			
		

			

		



		

			
		

30

		
		
	














			Exhibit 232


	

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

			
		

into Registration Statement Nos. 333-103939


March 22
 2019

31

		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
 20
		
		
	














			Exhibit 311


	

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
		

				
			
		


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
		

				
			
		


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
		

				
			
		


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
		

				
			
		


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting; and
		

				
			
		


 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#x2019;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#x2019;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
		

				
			
		


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
		

				
			
		


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting.

			
		

			
 &nbsp;
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


						



						


		

			
		

			
		
		
	














			Exhibit 321


	

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

December 31
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#x201C;Form 10-K&#x201D;)
 I
 
 &nbsp;
 &nbsp;
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#xA7;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#xA7;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

		
		



						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						



						



						&nbsp;



						





						



						



						&nbsp;




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 


		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		
		
	



















      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




    


    


    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;5. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Convertible Subordinated Notes Payable&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;background-color: #FFFFFF;&gt;On March 23
 2018
 and April 18
 2018
 we issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;background-color: #FFFFFF;&gt;$2
920
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;background-color: #FFFFFF;&gt; of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &amp;#x201C;Convertible&amp;nbsp;Notes&amp;#x201D;) to institutional investors
 our management team
 and other individual accredited investors. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;background-color: #FFFFFF;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Convertible Notes have a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;four&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;-year term from the date of issuance and bear interest at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; per annum until maturity. The holders can convert the Convertible Notes at any time into&amp;nbsp;the number of shares of&amp;nbsp;our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of the unpaid principal and interest on such Convertible Note by (ii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (the &amp;#x201C;Conversion Price&amp;#x201D;). The Conversion Price is subject to anti-dilution adjustment on a broad-based
 weighted average basis if we issue shares or equity-linked instruments at a conversion price below $0.32 per share. No payments of principal or interest are due until the maturity.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Convertible Notes are subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all of our Senior Indebtedness
 which is defined as amounts due in connection with our&amp;nbsp;indebtedness for borrowed money to banks
 commercial finance lenders
 or other lending institutions regularly engaged in the business of lending money
 with certain restrictions. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During 2019
 Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and related accrued interest were converted into &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;4
868
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares of common stock in accordance with the original terms of the Convertible Notes.&amp;nbsp; As a result
 the carrying amount of the converted principal amount of such Convertible Notes
 along with the converted accrued interest
 in an aggregate amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1
558
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 was credited to common stock and unamortized discounts in an amount equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$262
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; were recognized as interest expense during 2019.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The fair value of our common stock on the March 23
 2018
 closing date for the issuance of the Convertible Notes was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; per share
 therefore
 the Convertible Notes contained a beneficial conversion feature with an aggregate intrinsic value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$350
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. The fair value of our common stock on the April 18
 2018
 closing date for the issuance of the Convertible Notes was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; per share
 which did not result in an additional beneficial conversion feature. The resulting debt discount for the Convertible Notes issued on March 23
 2018 is presented as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Convertible Notes and was recorded with an increase to additional paid-in capital. The discount along with the related closing costs amounting to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$137
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; are amortized through interest expense over the term of the Convertible Notes. The balance of notes payable is presented net of unamortized discounts amounting to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$141
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$392
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The principal balance of notes payable to related parties amounted to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$120
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; at December 31
 2019 and 2018. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Principal payments are as follows for the years ending &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
474&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
474&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
474&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:81.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
474&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles and office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Seasonality&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Our sales are seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of many factors. We historically have generated a greater percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Sales may fluctuate materially on a quarter to quarter basis or an annual basis when we launch a new product or fill the &amp;#x201C;pipeline&amp;#x201D; of a new distribution partner or a large retail partner. Sales results may also fluctuate based on the number of SKUs selected or removed by our distributors and retail partners through the normal course of serving consumers in the dynamic
 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result
 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the fiscal year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;4. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accrued Expenses &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accrued expenses consisted of the following as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Employee benefits &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;87&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;80&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Selling and marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;257&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;317&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other accruals &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;319&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;217&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;663&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;614&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Advertising costs
 which also include promotions and sponsorships
 are expensed as incurred. During the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we incurred advertising costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;518
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net charges to bad debt expense &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Write-offs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(44)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 3.25pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 end of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Basis of presentation and consolidation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations applicable to financial reporting. The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions between us and our subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We consider all highly liquid short-term investments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;10.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Commitments&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we continue to have commitments to various suppliers of raw materials (primarily sugar and glass). Purchase obligations under these commitments are expected to total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;469
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;current &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;commitments thereafter.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Legal proceedings&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We are or may be involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business
 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or liquidity.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;9.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employee 401(k) Plan&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;We have a 401(k) plan whereby eligible employees who have completed one hour of service per month in three consecutive months of employment may enroll.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; Employees can elect to contribute up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of their eligible compensation to the 401(k) plan subject to Internal Revenue Service&amp;#x2019;s limitations. As currently established
 we are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;t required to make and have not made any contributions to the 401(k) plan during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and translation adjustments. We do not provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments
 as the historical earnings from our Canadian subsidiary is considered to be indefinitely reinvested.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;6. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Line of Credit&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During December 2019
 we allowed our revolving secured credit facility (the &amp;#x201C;Loan Facility&amp;#x201D;) with Pacific Western Bank (previously known as BFI Business Finance and CapitalSource Business Finance Group) to expire by its terms. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Under this&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Loan Facility
 we had ability to periodically request advances equal to the lesser of: (a) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
&amp;nbsp;or (b) the Borrowing Base which was
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;85%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (subject to any reserve amount established by CapitalSource)
 plus (iii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of finished goods inventory not to exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$475
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of eligible accounts receivable collateral. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Loan Facility allowed us to borrow a maximum aggregate amount of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 the line of credit had expired by its terms. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Advances under the Loan Facility bore interest at the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;prime rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;0.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 where prime may not be less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (resulting in an interest rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;5.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of December 31
 2019)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 and a loan fee of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;0.10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; on the daily loan balance was payable monthly. The Loan Facility &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;provided for a minimum cumulative amount of interest of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; per year to be paid to Pacific Western Bank
 regardless of whether or not we drew on the Loan Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Pacific Western Bank had the right to terminate the Loan Facility at any time upon &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; days&amp;#x2019; prior written notice.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; All present and future obligations of the Subsidiaries arising under the Loan Facility were guaranteed by us and were secured by a first priority security interest in all of our assets. The Loan Facility contained customary representations and warranties as well as affirmative and negative covenants. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We defer costs related to the issuance of debt which are included on the accompanying balance sheets as a deduction from the debt liability. Deferred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;financing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; costs are amortized over the term of the related loan and are included as a component of interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Net loss per share&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic net loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods. Diluted earnings per share is computed by adjusting the weighted average number of common shares by the effective net exercise or conversion of all dilutive securities. Due to the net loss in 2019 and 2018
 outstanding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;stock &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;options amounting to 3
495
601 and 3
825
083
 shares issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;5
095
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;9
547
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 unvested restricted stock units of 149
824 and 253
363
 and stock warrants of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;15
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 were anti-dilutive. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Fair value of financial instruments&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Applicable accounting standards define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). We measure our assets and liabilities using inputs from the following three levels of the fair value hierarchy: Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date
 Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 and Level 3 includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available
 including our own data.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 and payables approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. During the first half of 2018
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &amp;#x201C;Convertible Notes&amp;#x201D;). The fair value remaining of Convertible Notes outstanding was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1
437
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2
846
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The fair value of Convertible Notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates
 which represent level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The functional currency of our Canadian subsidiary is the Canadian dollar. We translate assets and liabilities related to these operations to U.S.&amp;nbsp;dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the date of the consolidated balance sheet; we convert revenues and expenses into U.S.&amp;nbsp;dollars using the average monthly exchange rates. Translation gains and losses are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Transaction gains and losses arising from the transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in other expense
 net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Net transaction losses were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$4
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for 2019 and net transaction gains were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$7
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for 2018. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Long-lived assets
 which include fixed assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Long-lived assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows when evaluating for impairment. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;11. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The provision for income taxes consisted of the following for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;24&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;22&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Provision for income taxes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;29&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;24&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Loss before provision for income taxes was as follows for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
833)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
143)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;84&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
749)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
055)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate and the provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal statutory rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Effect of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Permanent differences &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1.11)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.04)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign rate differential&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1.26)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 3.25pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.52&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.18)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Change in valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(23.21)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(21.23)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other
 net &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.06&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.71)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Provision for income taxes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1.00)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1.16)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred income taxes were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:13.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:13.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
104&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
567&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Stock-based compensation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;272&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;256&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;87&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total deferred tax asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
463&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
871&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(14
463)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.06%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(13
871)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net deferred tax asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.08%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;We continue to experience significant losses in our U.S. operations that are material to our decision to maintain a full valuation allowance against our net U.S. deferred tax assets. This is due to the fact that the relevant accounting guidance puts more weight on the negative objective evidence of cumulative losses in recent years than the positive subjective evidence of future projections of pretax income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. For the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and December 31
 2018
 the valuation allowance increased by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;592
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$434
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We continually analyze the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 but we reasonably expect to continue to record a full valuation allowance on future U.S.&amp;nbsp;tax benefits until we sustain an appropriate level of taxable income through improved U.S.&amp;nbsp;operations and tax planning strategies.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;At December 31
 2019
 we had net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes in the United States of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$57.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million which expire at various times commencing 2019. We also had net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes in the United States of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million that may be carried forward indefinitely. Net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to certain limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;There are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; uncertain tax positions to recognize as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The tax years that remain open to examination by the taxing authorities are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 generally. The net operating losses from prior years are subject to adjustment under examination to the extent they remain unutilized in an open year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We account for income taxes by recognizing the amount of taxes payable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary based on whether they are more likely than not to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31
 2019 or 2018.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;2. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventory consisted of the following as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Finished goods &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
120&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;948&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Raw materials &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;668&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;401&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
788&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
349&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Finished goods primarily include product ready for shipment
 as well as promotional merchandise held for sale. Raw materials primarily include ingredients
 concentrate and packaging.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory. Cost is based on actual cost on a first-in first-out basis. Raw materials that will be used in production in the next twelve months are recorded in inventory. The provisions for obsolete or excess inventory are based on estimated forecasted usage of inventories. A significant change in demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for obsolete inventory. Provisions for obsolete or excess inventory are recorded as cost of goods sold and totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$9
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;7. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Lease Obligations&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent: -36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We currently lease approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; square feet of retail/office space in Seattle
 Washington for our principal executive and administrative offices. The term of the lease is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; years expiring &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;February 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; with an &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;option to extend for additional one-year terms
 indefinitely&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we incurred rental expenses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;133
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$135
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; respectively. During the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we made cash payments of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$139
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; each year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Subsequent to December 31
 2019
 the Company amended the lease terms on February 4
 2020. Under the lease amendment
 the Company will continue to occupy the same premises for its headquarters
 and the term of the lease
 which was scheduled to expire on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;February 28
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 is extended through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;February 28
 2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 our scheduled lease payments excluding management fees and other operational expenses for the remainder of the lease term in 2020 is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$18
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;. Management fees and other operational expenses were immaterial. Cash payments on our operating lease are presented as operating cash outflows in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Under the lease amendment
 the annual payments excluding management fees and other operations expenses will be as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:9.19pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:9.19pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:9.19pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;97&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;119&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;122&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;126&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;130&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;22&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;616&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2018
 under ASC 840
 our scheduled lease payments excluding management fees and other operational expenses were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:63.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:63.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;106&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:63.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:63.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;124&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:9.19pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:9.19pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:9.19pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;97&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;119&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;122&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;126&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;130&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;22&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:72.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.70%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;616&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we had ability to periodically request advances equal to the lesser of: (a) $3.2 million
&#xA0;or (b) the Borrowing Base which was
 in the following priority
 the sum of: (i) 85% of eligible U.S. accounts receivable
 plus (ii) 50% of eligible Canadian accounts receivable not to exceed $300
000 (subject to any reserve amount established by CapitalSource)
 plus (iii) 35% of finished goods inventory not to exceed $475

  
  
  
  
  

 where prime may not be less than 0% (resulting in an interest rate of 5.5% as of December 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Recent accounting guidance&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:22.5pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;) No. 2016-02
 Leases: Topic 842 (&amp;#x201C;ASU 2016-02&amp;#x201D;)
 which replaces existing lease guidance. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-02 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-02 became effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 and related ASUs
 collectively &amp;#x201C;ASC Topic 842
&amp;#x201D; on January 1
 2019
 utilizing the alternative transition method allowed for under ASU 2018-11. The Company elected the practical expedients to not reassess the prior conclusions about lease identification under the new standard
 to not reassess lease classification
 to not separate lease and non lease components
 and to not reassess initial direct costs. As a result
 the Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset of $124
000 and $116
000
 respectively
 on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1
 2019. The adoption of ASC Topic 842 did not have a material impact on either the consolidated statement of operations or consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:22.5pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:22.5pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11 Leases (Topic 842)
 Targeted Improvements. With this ASU
 the FASB decided to provide another transition method in addition to the existing transition method by allowing entities to initially apply ASU 2016-02 at the adoption date (January 1
 2019 for the Company) and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. An entity that elects this additional (and optional) transition method must provide the required Topic 840 disclosures for all periods that continue to be in accordance with Topic 840. The amendments do not change the existing disclosure requirements in Topic 840 (for example
 they do not create interim disclosure requirements that entities previously were not required to provide). We adopted this new transition method upon adoption of ASU 2016-02.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:22.5pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Financial Instruments: Credit Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;(&amp;#x201C;ASU 2016-13&amp;#x201D;)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information
 current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU is effective for us in the first quarter of 2023 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;3. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fixed Assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets consisted of the following as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;367&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;363&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements and equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;154&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;181&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;125&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;646&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;577&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accumulated depreciation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(484)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(489)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;162&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and are depreciated on the declining balance basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles and office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;367&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;363&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements and equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;154&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;181&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;125&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;646&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;577&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Accumulated depreciation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(484)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(489)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;162&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue under Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) 606
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC 606&amp;#x201D;). The core principle of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods and services transferred to the customer. The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 3: Determine the transaction price&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 5: Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance obligation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;See Note 12
 Segment information
 for information on revenue disaggregated by geographic area.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Because the Company&amp;#x2019;s agreements have an expected duration of one year or less
 the Company has elected the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14(a) to not disclose information about its remaining performance obligations.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time when products are received by the customer
 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s contracts have a single performance obligation (delivery of product). The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product
 subject to adjustment as described below. Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue
 and totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$163
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. Sales tax and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances in the same period that the revenue is recognized for product sales to customers. The amount of revenue recognized represents the amount that will not be subject to a significant future reversal of revenue. The liability for promotional allowances is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts paid for slotting fees are recorded as prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the corresponding term. For the years ended&amp;nbsp;December 31
 2019&amp;nbsp;and&amp;nbsp;2018
 our revenue was reduced by&amp;nbsp;approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 respectively
 for slotting fees and promotion allowances. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;All sales to distributors and customers are generally final. In limited instances the Company may accept returned product due to quality issues or distributor terminations and in such situations the Company would have variable consideration. To date
 returns have not been material. The Company&amp;#x2019;s customers generally pay within &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; days from the receipt of a valid invoice. The Company offers prompt pay discounts of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to certain customers typically for payments made within 15 days. Prompt pay discounts are estimated in the period of sale based on experience with sales to eligible customers. Early pay discounts are recorded as a deduction to the accounts receivable balance presented on the consolidated balance sheets. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Employee benefits &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;87&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;80&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Selling and marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;257&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;317&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other accruals &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;319&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;217&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;663&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;614&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;24&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;22&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Provision for income taxes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;29&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;24&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:13.30%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:13.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
104&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
567&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Stock-based compensation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;272&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;256&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;87&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total deferred tax asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;14
463&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;13
871&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.08%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(14
463)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.06%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(13
871)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:70.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net deferred tax asset &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.22%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.08%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.06%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Federal statutory rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;21.00&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Effect of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Permanent differences &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1.11)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.04)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign rate differential&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1.26)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 3.25pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.52&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.18)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Change in valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(23.21)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(21.23)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other
 net &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.06&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(0.71)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:68.70%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Provision for income taxes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1.00)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(1.16)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=5 valign=bottom style=width:38.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:18.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:17.60%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Type of awards:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Stock options &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;121&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Restricted stock &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;57&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;141&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;178&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income statement account:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Selling and marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;56&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;General and administrative &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;96&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;122&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;141&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;178&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:63.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:63.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;106&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:63.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.72%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1.5pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;18&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:63.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.72%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:25.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:15.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;124&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
833)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
143)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Foreign &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;84&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
749)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(2
055)
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Finished goods &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
120&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;948&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Raw materials &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;668&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;401&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:61.58%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
788&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
349&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Restricted Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-Average Contractual Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Non-vested restricted stock at January 1
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;253
363&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.31&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9.4&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;388
864&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.28&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vested &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(173
314)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Cancelled/expired &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(319
089)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.26&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Non-vested restricted stock at December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;149
824&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9.1&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:17.66%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:17.66%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
680&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
520&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Canada &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
768&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
949&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other countries &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;89&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total revenue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
508&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
558&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;162&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Canada &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total fixed assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;162&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Outstanding Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance at January&amp;nbsp;1
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
825
083&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;360
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options exercised &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(70
445)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.39&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Options cancelled/expired &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(619
037)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
495
601&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.46&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
946
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.47&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vested and expected to vest &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
361
970&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.46&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=7 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year Ended&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Expected dividend yield &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Expected stock price volatility &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;67.7&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;67.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Risk-free interest rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.2&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Expected term (in years) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Weighted-average grant date fair-value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.23&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;12. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Information&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; operating segment with operations primarily in the United States and Canada. Sales are assigned to geographic locations based on the location of customers. Geographic information for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:17.66%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:17.66%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;8
680&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9
520&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Canada &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
768&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
949&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Other countries &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;60&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;89&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total revenue &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;11
508&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;12
558&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;United States &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;162&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 6pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Canada &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.28%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Total fixed assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;162&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;88&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;During each of the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our customers represented approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;% &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;of revenues.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
903
708&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.96&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.39&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
413
831&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.39&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;516
893&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.39&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.76&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;457
248&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.98&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.78&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;75
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;75
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
495
601&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.46&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
946
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.92&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.47&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;1. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Jones Soda Co. develops
 produces
 markets and distributes premium beverages which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;it&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; sell&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and distribute&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; primarily in the United States and Canada through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;its&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; network of independent distributors and directly to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;its&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; national and regional retail accounts.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We are a Washington corporation and have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; operating subsidiaries
 Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc. and Jones Soda (Canada) Inc. (Subsidiaries).&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Basis of presentation and consolidation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations applicable to financial reporting. The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions between us and our subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Going Concern &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately $6.0 million and $991
000
 respectively
 and working capital of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$8.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years 2019 and 2018 totaled approximately $3.3 million and $1.7 million
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company has experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities.&amp;nbsp; This situation creates uncertainties about the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to execute its business plan
 finance operations
 and indicates substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We continue to experience negative cash flows from operations
 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Therefore
 currently
 based upon the Company&amp;#x2019;s near term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
 is not sufficient to enable the Company to fund operations for twelve months from the date the financial statements included in this Report are issued.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Our line of credit expired by its terms in December 2019.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt as to the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Management&amp;#x2019;s plans to fund its operations are dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. The continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for the Company&amp;#x2019;s products
 and may negatively impact the Company&amp;#x2019;s supply chain. The consolidated financial statements included in this Report do not give effect to any adjustments which will be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We will require additional financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require
 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for available debt or equity financing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; As discussed in Note 13
 t&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;he continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for the Company&amp;#x2019;s products
 and may negatively impact the Company&amp;#x2019;s supply chain. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative that we meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our operating plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible when needed.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies
 and forecasts supporting the going concern assumption and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We consider all highly liquid short-term investments with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Fair value of financial instruments&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Applicable accounting standards define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). We measure our assets and liabilities using inputs from the following three levels of the fair value hierarchy: Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date
 Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 and Level 3 includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available
 including our own data.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 and payables approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. During the first half of 2018
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &amp;#x201C;Convertible Notes&amp;#x201D;). The fair value remaining of Convertible Notes outstanding was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1
437
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$2
846
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The fair value of Convertible Notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates
 which represent level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Our accounts receivable balance primarily includes balances from trade sales to distributors and retail customers. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance for doubtful accounts based primarily on historical write-off experience. Account balances that are deemed uncollectible
 are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Allowances for doubtful accounts of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively
 are netted against accounts receivable. Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products
 the timing of when control of products is transferred to distributors and the timing of cash collections.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts consists of the following for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net charges to bad debt expense &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Write-offs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(44)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 3.25pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 end of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; customers made up &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;26%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our outstanding accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2018
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; customers made up &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our outstanding accounts receivable. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory. Cost is based on actual cost on a first-in first-out basis. Raw materials that will be used in production in the next twelve months are recorded in inventory. The provisions for obsolete or excess inventory are based on estimated forecasted usage of inventories. A significant change in demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for obsolete inventory. Provisions for obsolete or excess inventory are recorded as cost of goods sold and totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$9
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Fixed assets are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and are depreciated on the declining balance basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Vehicles and office and computer equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.78%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:lime;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12.25pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Long-lived assets
 which include fixed assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Long-lived assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows when evaluating for impairment. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;background-color:lime;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The functional currency of our Canadian subsidiary is the Canadian dollar. We translate assets and liabilities related to these operations to U.S.&amp;nbsp;dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the date of the consolidated balance sheet; we convert revenues and expenses into U.S.&amp;nbsp;dollars using the average monthly exchange rates. Translation gains and losses are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Transaction gains and losses arising from the transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in other expense
 net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Net transaction losses were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$4
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for 2019 and net transaction gains were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$7
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for 2018. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue under Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) 606
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC 606&amp;#x201D;). The core principle of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods and services transferred to the customer. The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 3: Determine the transaction price&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Step 5: Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance obligation&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;See Note 12
 Segment information
 for information on revenue disaggregated by geographic area.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Because the Company&amp;#x2019;s agreements have an expected duration of one year or less
 the Company has elected the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14(a) to not disclose information about its remaining performance obligations.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time when products are received by the customer
 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s contracts have a single performance obligation (delivery of product). The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product
 subject to adjustment as described below. Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue
 and totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$163
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. Sales tax and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances in the same period that the revenue is recognized for product sales to customers. The amount of revenue recognized represents the amount that will not be subject to a significant future reversal of revenue. The liability for promotional allowances is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts paid for slotting fees are recorded as prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the corresponding term. For the years ended&amp;nbsp;December 31
 2019&amp;nbsp;and&amp;nbsp;2018
 our revenue was reduced by&amp;nbsp;approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 respectively
 for slotting fees and promotion allowances. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;All sales to distributors and customers are generally final. In limited instances the Company may accept returned product due to quality issues or distributor terminations and in such situations the Company would have variable consideration. To date
 returns have not been material. The Company&amp;#x2019;s customers generally pay within &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; days from the receipt of a valid invoice. The Company offers prompt pay discounts of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; to certain customers typically for payments made within 15 days. Prompt pay discounts are estimated in the period of sale based on experience with sales to eligible customers. Early pay discounts are recorded as a deduction to the accounts receivable balance presented on the consolidated balance sheets. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Advertising costs
 which also include promotions and sponsorships
 are expensed as incurred. During the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 we incurred advertising costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;518
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We account for income taxes by recognizing the amount of taxes payable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary based on whether they are more likely than not to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31
 2019 or 2018.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Net loss per share&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Basic net loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods. Diluted earnings per share is computed by adjusting the weighted average number of common shares by the effective net exercise or conversion of all dilutive securities. Due to the net loss in 2019 and 2018
 outstanding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;stock &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;options amounting to 3
495
601 and 3
825
083
 shares issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;5
095
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;9
547
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 unvested restricted stock units of 149
824 and 253
363
 and stock warrants of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;15
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 were anti-dilutive. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and translation adjustments. We do not provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments
 as the historical earnings from our Canadian subsidiary is considered to be indefinitely reinvested.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Seasonality&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Our sales are seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of many factors. We historically have generated a greater percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Sales may fluctuate materially on a quarter to quarter basis or an annual basis when we launch a new product or fill the &amp;#x201C;pipeline&amp;#x201D; of a new distribution partner or a large retail partner. Sales results may also fluctuate based on the number of SKUs selected or removed by our distributors and retail partners through the normal course of serving consumers in the dynamic
 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result
 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the fiscal year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We defer costs related to the issuance of debt which are included on the accompanying balance sheets as a deduction from the debt liability. Deferred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;financing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; costs are amortized over the term of the related loan and are included as a component of interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Recent accounting guidance&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:22.5pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;) No. 2016-02
 Leases: Topic 842 (&amp;#x201C;ASU 2016-02&amp;#x201D;)
 which replaces existing lease guidance. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-02 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-02 became effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 and related ASUs
 collectively &amp;#x201C;ASC Topic 842
&amp;#x201D; on January 1
 2019
 utilizing the alternative transition method allowed for under ASU 2018-11. The Company elected the practical expedients to not reassess the prior conclusions about lease identification under the new standard
 to not reassess lease classification
 to not separate lease and non lease components
 and to not reassess initial direct costs. As a result
 the Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset of $124
000 and $116
000
 respectively
 on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1
 2019. The adoption of ASC Topic 842 did not have a material impact on either the consolidated statement of operations or consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:22.5pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:22.5pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11 Leases (Topic 842)
 Targeted Improvements. With this ASU
 the FASB decided to provide another transition method in addition to the existing transition method by allowing entities to initially apply ASU 2016-02 at the adoption date (January 1
 2019 for the Company) and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. An entity that elects this additional (and optional) transition method must provide the required Topic 840 disclosures for all periods that continue to be in accordance with Topic 840. The amendments do not change the existing disclosure requirements in Topic 840 (for example
 they do not create interim disclosure requirements that entities previously were not required to provide). We adopted this new transition method upon adoption of ASU 2016-02.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:22.5pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Financial Instruments: Credit Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;(&amp;#x201C;ASU 2016-13&amp;#x201D;)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information
 current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU is effective for us in the first quarter of 2023 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;8.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shareholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Under the terms of our 2011 Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 the number of shares authorized under the Plan may be increased each January 1st by an amount equal to the least of (a) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1
300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares
 (b) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors (the Board)
 provided that the number of shares that may be granted pursuant to awards in a single year may not exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year. Effective January 1
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 the total number of shares of common stock authorized under the Plan was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;12
084
032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Under the terms of the Plan
 the Board may grant awards to employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors. Awards may consist of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock
 stock units
 performance awards or other stock or cash-based awards. Stock options are granted at the closing price of our stock on the date of grant
 and generally have a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;-year term and vest over a period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; with the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; cliff vesting &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; from the grant date and monthly thereafter. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;6
289
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; shares of unissued common stock authorized and available for future awards under the Plan. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table style=width:100%; table-layout: fixed; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top align=left style=width: 18.00pt;&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:0pt;&gt;
				&lt;font style=margin:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;;&gt; (a)&lt;/font&gt;
			&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;a name=_a8a1dd5c04ab45e082b12e2634a16bd0&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;a name=_dc48fefa254942298b77e7b19c8064bf&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;Stock options:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;A summary of our stock option activity is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=4 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Outstanding Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at January&amp;nbsp;1
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
825
083&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;360
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options exercised &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(70
445)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.39&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Options cancelled/expired &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(619
037)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.36&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Balance at December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
495
601&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.46&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
946
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.47&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:56.92%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Vested and expected to vest &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:17.44%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
361
970&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.06%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.54%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:19.98%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.46&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable under our stock incentive plans at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
903
708&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.96&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.39&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
413
831&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.39&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;516
893&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.39&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.76&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;457
248&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.98&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.78&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$2.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;75
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;75
000&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.37&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:29.24%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3
495
601&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.62%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.46&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2
946
079&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;4.92&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.22%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:09.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.47&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table style=width:100%; table-layout: fixed; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top align=left style=width: 18.00pt;&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:0pt;&gt;
				&lt;font style=margin:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;;&gt; (b)&lt;/font&gt;
			&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;Restricted stock awards:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Effective as of January 1
 2018
 equity compensation for non-employee director service is an annual restricted stock unit award that vests over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; year
 the number of shares underlying such award is determined by dividing &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; by the closing share price on the date of grant (which shall be the first business day in January in each calendar year); when joining the Board each&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;non-employee director shall receive an initial restricted stock unit award that vests over one year
 the number of shares underlying such award be determined by dividing $15
000 by the Company&amp;#x2019;s closing stock price on the date of grant (which shall be the first trading day following the date on which such director is appointed)
 prorated based on the date on which such director is appointed.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;A summary of our restricted stock activity is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Restricted Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-Average Contractual Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Non-vested restricted stock at January 1
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;253
363&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.31&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9.4&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;388
864&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.28&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Vested &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(173
314)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.34&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Cancelled/expired &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(319
089)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.26&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:48.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Non-vested restricted stock at December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;149
824&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.08%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:14.60%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;9.1&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;We withheld a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;10
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; shares as payment for withholding taxes due in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards during the period ending December 31
 2019
 and the average price paid per share of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; reflects the average market value per share of the shares withheld for tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Equity compensation for non-employee director service&amp;nbsp;beginning January 1
&amp;nbsp;2020&amp;nbsp;consists of&amp;nbsp;the grant of an&amp;nbsp;annual&amp;nbsp;non-qualified&amp;nbsp;stock option&amp;nbsp;award&amp;nbsp;that vests&amp;nbsp;on the first anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director&amp;#x2019;s continuing&amp;nbsp;service as of such anniversary date)
 &amp;nbsp;with&amp;nbsp;the number of shares underlying such award&amp;nbsp; determined by dividing &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; by the closing stock price&amp;nbsp;(as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace)&amp;nbsp;on the date of grant (which shall be the first&amp;nbsp;trading&amp;nbsp;day in January in each calendar year)
 and such stock option award shall have&amp;nbsp;an exercise price equal to our closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant. When joining our board of directors
&amp;nbsp;each&amp;nbsp;non-employee director shall&amp;nbsp;be granted a&amp;nbsp;non-qualified stock option&amp;nbsp;award that vests&amp;nbsp;on the first anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director&amp;#x2019;s continuing&amp;nbsp;service as of such anniversary date)
 with&amp;nbsp;the number of shares underlying such award determined by dividing $25
000 by our closing stock price on the first trading day following the date on which such director is appointed)
 prorated based on the date on which such director is appointed
 &amp;nbsp;and which stock option shall be granted as of the first trading day following the date on which such director was appointed
 and shall have&amp;nbsp;an exercise price equal to our closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;In addition to the annual award in January
 during August we granted an aggregate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;30
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; restricted stock units to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; of our non-employee directors who were appointed to the board of directors in August of 2019. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table style=width:100%; table-layout: fixed; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top align=left style=width: 18.00pt;&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:0pt;&gt;
				&lt;font style=margin:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;;&gt; (c)&lt;/font&gt;
			&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=width:0pt;width:0pt;font-size:0pt;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
			&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt;margin:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;Stock-based compensation expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Stock-based compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line attribution method over the employees&amp;#x2019; requisite service period. We recognize compensation expense for only the portion of stock options or restricted stock expected to vest. Therefore
 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management
 additional adjustments to stock-based compensation expense may be required in future periods.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 we had unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options and non-vested stock of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; to be recognized over a weighted-average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;nbsp;years. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation expense (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=5 valign=bottom style=width:38.88%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Year Ended&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:18.96%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:17.60%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Type of awards:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Stock options &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;101&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;121&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Restricted stock &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;57&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;141&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;178&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:2pt double #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;&gt;Income statement account:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Selling and marketing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;45&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;56&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;General and administrative &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;96&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;122&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.80%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.16%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:16.80%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;141&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.32%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:15.86%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;178&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;We employ the following key weighted-average assumptions in determining the fair value of stock options
 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the simplified method to estimate the expected term of &amp;#x201C;plain vanilla&amp;#x201D; options:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:1.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;height:1.00pt;overflow:hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=7 valign=bottom style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;Year Ended&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=3 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected dividend yield &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected stock price volatility &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;67.7&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;67.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Risk-free interest rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.2&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Expected term (in years) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;6.0&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5.6&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:62.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;Weighted-average grant date fair-value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.64%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.20&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.12%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.66%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.18%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:11.56%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0.23&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:04.94%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;height:12.00pt;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;overflow: hidden;font-size:0pt;&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;During the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; material modifications were made to outstanding stock options. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$9
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and for options exercisable was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 respectively. The intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options is calculated as the quoted market price of the stock at the balance sheet date less the exercise price of the option. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$21
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;
 respectively. The Company&amp;#x2019;s policy is to issue new shares upon exercise of options.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt;text-indent: -18pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;(&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;d&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 12pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;Equity financing:&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;On July 11
 2019
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Purchase Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with Heavenly Rx Ltd. (the &amp;#x201C;Investor&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investor in a private placement (the &amp;#x201C;Financing&amp;#x201D;): (a)&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;15
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; shares (the &amp;#x201C;Shares&amp;#x201D;) of common stock and (b) a warrant to purchase up to an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;15
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; shares of common stock (the &amp;#x201C;Warrant&amp;#x201D;).&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The aggregate purchase price for the Shares and the Warrant was $9
000
000 in cash
 which was paid to the Company at the closing of the purchase and sale on July 11
 2019
 and is presented net of offering costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$183
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company intends to use the proceeds for general working capital and other purposes
 including sales and marketing
 product development and capital expenditures for its legacy business and new business initiatives. The Company may receive up to an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$11.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; million in capital in connection with the exercise of the Warrant. The Warrant is immediately exercisable
 has a term of one-year
 and provides the Investor with the right to purchase up to 15
000
000 shares of common stock (&amp;#x201C;Warrant Shares&amp;#x201D;) at an exercise price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; per share
 subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock splits
 stock dividends or distributions
 reorganizations
 reclassifications or other similar events.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Warrant shall be automatically exercised upon the occurrence of certain events.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;The relative fair value of the net proceeds allocated to the common stock was estimated to be &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$6
782
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;. The relative fair value of the net proceeds allocated to the Warrants was estimated to be &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$2
035
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; as determined based on the relative fair value allocation of the proceeds received. The Warrant was valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following variables: market price of common stock - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$0.517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; per share; estimated volatility &amp;#x2013; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;108.21%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;; 1-year risk free interest rate &amp;#x2013; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1.97%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;; expected dividend rate - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; and expected life - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt; year.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;13. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;;font-size: 10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;text-indent:0pt;margin-left:0pt;padding:0pt 36pt 0pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;On January 30
 2020
 the World Health Organization (&amp;#x201C;WHO&amp;#x201D;) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (&amp;#x201C;COVID-19&amp;#x201D;) and the risks to the international community.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;In March 2020
 the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic
 based on the rapid increase in exposure internationally.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. The Company does not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on its business
 financing activities
 or the global economy as a whole. However
 these effects could have a material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s liquidity
 capital resources
 operations and business and those of third parties on which we rely.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:36pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Additionally
 while the extent of the impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s business and financial condition is unknown at this time
 it may be negatively affected by COVID-19 and actions taken to address and limit the spread of COVID-19
 such as travel restrictions
 event cancellations
 and limitations affecting the supply of labor and the movement of raw materials and finished products. If available manufacturing capacity is reduced as a result of the COVID-19
 it could negatively affect the timely supply
 pricing and availability of finished products. Moreover
 the Company will also be negatively impacted by current and future closures of restaurants
 independent accounts
 convenience chains
 and retail store chains resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak. The current closures of restaurants and independent accounts will negatively affect our revenues and cash flows
 especially with respect to our fountain business
 which comprised approximately 9% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues in 2019.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may also limit the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to access capital to fund its operations
 which could negatively impact the Company&amp;#x2019;s short-term and long-term liquidity.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Going Concern &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately $6.0 million and $991
000
 respectively
 and working capital of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$8.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years 2019 and 2018 totaled approximately $3.3 million and $1.7 million
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The Company has experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities.&amp;nbsp; This situation creates uncertainties about the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to execute its business plan
 finance operations
 and indicates substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We continue to experience negative cash flows from operations
 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Therefore
 currently
 based upon the Company&amp;#x2019;s near term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
 is not sufficient to enable the Company to fund operations for twelve months from the date the financial statements included in this Report are issued.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Our line of credit expired by its terms in December 2019.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt as to the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Management&amp;#x2019;s plans to fund its operations are dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. The continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for the Company&amp;#x2019;s products
 and may negatively impact the Company&amp;#x2019;s supply chain. The consolidated financial statements included in this Report do not give effect to any adjustments which will be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.75pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;We will require additional financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require
 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for available debt or equity financing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; As discussed in Note 13
 t&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;he continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for the Company&amp;#x2019;s products
 and may negatively impact the Company&amp;#x2019;s supply chain. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative that we meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our operating plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible when needed.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:12pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Our accounts receivable balance primarily includes balances from trade sales to distributors and retail customers. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance for doubtful accounts based primarily on historical write-off experience. Account balances that are deemed uncollectible
 are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Allowances for doubtful accounts of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;color:#000000;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;
 respectively
 are netted against accounts receivable. Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products
 the timing of when control of products is transferred to distributors and the timing of cash collections.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts consists of the following for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;div style=width:100%&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse;width: 100.00%;margin-left:0pt;&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 1pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-size:1pt;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=width:00.02%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #auto;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:center;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 8pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 beginning of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;7&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Net charges to bad debt expense &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;48&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;33&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Write-offs &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;(44)
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;background-color: #CCEEFF;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt 3.25pt 0pt 0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; &amp;nbsp;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:67.40%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Balance
 end of year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;44&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:02.04%;border-top:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-align:right;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:01.52%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;padding:0pt;&gt;
					&lt;p style=margin:0pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
						&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td valign=middle style=width:12.74%;border-top:1pt solid #000000 ;border-left:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;border-bottom:2pt double #000000 ;border-right:1pt none #D9D9D9 ;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;text-align:right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;40&amp;nbsp;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; customers made up &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;26%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our outstanding accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2018
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; customers made up &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt; of our outstanding accounts receivable. &lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:14pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies
 and forecasts supporting the going concern assumption and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p style=margin:0pt;text-indent:23.05pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size: 10pt&gt;
			&lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;&amp;#xFEFF;&lt;/font&gt;
		&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    






    






















    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    




    
    








    
    



 Net







    






    




    



 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    
    



 Liability

    




    




    










    




    


    
    


    
    
    



 Value


 no par value: Authorized &#x2014; 100
000
000; issued and outstanding shares &#x2014; 61
566
076 shares and 41
464
373 shares





    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    
    















 Shares






 Shares









    



 Goods

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    




    




    


    


    
    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Shares
 Share-based Compensation






 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    
    



 Shares



    



 Value

    
    




    

 net of offering costs of $183





    




    







 Value

    


    
    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Plant

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    



 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment

    




    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    



 Plant


 Plant

    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    



 Operating Lease
 Liability

    


    
    



 Stock Options

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest

    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    








    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Non-vested restricted stock at December 31


 Non-vested restricted stock at January 1






 Options
 Outstanding


 Number of Shares


 Number of Shares







    

















 Allowance for Credit Losses

    



 Allowance for Credit Losses

    









 Plant and Equipment



    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    









 Plant and Equipment






 Finished Goods

    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment





    




    




    




    



 Interest Rate

    



 Convertible

    


    
    




    



 Unamortized Discount (Premium)







    



 Convertible









    






    






    






    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    










    
    




    




    



 Periodic Payment







    










    



 Borrowing Capacity

    



 Borrowing Capacity

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Operating Leases

    


    
    



 Operating Lease

    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments

    
    



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments

    



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments

    



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments

    



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments

    



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments

    



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments

    



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
























    


    
    




    



 Award Vesting Rights

    



 Award Vesting

    




    



 Nonvested Awards

    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized

    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range







    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    




    















 Options


 Options




 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 Outstanding




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

    



 Non-Option Equity Instruments

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Non-vested restricted stock at December 31


 Non-vested restricted stock at January 1




 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Outstanding













    


    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    
    


    
    






    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    



 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee







    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    





 Deferred Tax Asset

    


    
    




    



 State and Local

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    



 Continuing Operations


 Continuing Operations





    



 Other Reconciling Items

    



 Nondeductible Expense

    



 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential

    










    










    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    










    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from direct costs associated with issuing stock. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018






























Common stock
 no par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

566
076


464
373



Common stock
 shares outstanding

566
076


464
373







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.


















































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019









			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 2019 and 2018
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately $6.0 million and $991
000
 respectively
 million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years 2019 and 2018 totaled approximately $3.3 million and $1.7 million

		

			
		


 finance operations

		

			
		


 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 currently
 based upon the Company&#x2019;s near term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
 is not sufficient to enable the Company to fund operations for twelve months from the date the financial statements included in this Report are issued.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our line of credit expired by its terms in December 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt as to the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management&#x2019;s plans to fund its operations are dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. The continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company&#x2019;s ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for the Company&#x2019;s products

		

			
		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 As discussed in Note 13
he continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain market conditions may limit the Company&#x2019;s ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for the Company&#x2019;s products
 and may negatively impact the Company&#x2019;s supply chain. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative that we meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our operating plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however

		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies

		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 and Level 3 includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available

		

			
		


 receivables
 and payables approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. During the first half of 2018
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
$1
437
$2
846
 as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The fair value of Convertible Notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates

		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


December 31
 2019
 respectively
 are netted against accounts receivable. Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


Balance
 beginning of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


Balance
 end of year 



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		


 2019
 of our outstanding accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2018
 
		

			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		

$9
$6
 as of December 31
 2019 and 2018

		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 which include fixed assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired

		
		
	






			
		

			
		


$4
$7
000
		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 Segment information

		

			
		



		

			
		


 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company&#x2019;s contracts have a single performance obligation (delivery of product). The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product
 subject to adjustment as described below. Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue
$71
$163
 for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018

		

			
		


 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances in the same period that the revenue is recognized for product sales to customers. The amount of revenue recognized represents the amount that will not be subject to a significant future reversal of revenue. The liability for promotional allowances is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts paid for slotting fees are recorded as prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the corresponding term. For the years ended&nbsp;December 31
 2019&nbsp;and&nbsp;2018
 million
 respectively

		

			
		


 returns have not been material. The Company&#x2019;s customers generally pay within 
		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 which also include promotions and sponsorships
December 31
 2019
518
000
000

		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary based on whether they are more likely than not to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31

		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


options amounting to 3
495
601 and 3
825
083
5
095
9
547
897
 unvested restricted stock units of 149
824 and 253
363
15
000
 at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively

		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		



		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result

		
		
	






			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
	






			
		

			
		


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#x201C;ASU&#x201D;) No. 2016-02
 Leases: Topic 842 (&#x201C;ASU 2016-02&#x201D;)
 which replaces existing lease guidance. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months to its balance sheets. ASU 2016-02 also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-02 became effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2016-02 and related ASUs
 collectively &#x201C;ASC Topic 842
&#x201D; on January 1
 2019
 utilizing the alternative transition method allowed for under ASU 2018-11. The Company elected the practical expedients to not reassess the prior conclusions about lease identification under the new standard
 to not reassess lease classification
 to not separate lease and non lease components
 and to not reassess initial direct costs. As a result
 the Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset of $124
000 and $116
000
 respectively
 on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1
 2019. The adoption of ASC Topic 842 did not have a material impact on either the consolidated statement of operations or consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31

		

			
		

In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11 Leases (Topic 842)
 Targeted Improvements. With this ASU
 the FASB decided to provide another transition method in addition to the existing transition method by allowing entities to initially apply ASU 2016-02 at the adoption date (January 1
 2019 for the Company) and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. An entity that elects this additional (and optional) transition method must provide the required Topic 840 disclosures for all periods that continue to be in accordance with Topic 840. The amendments do not change the existing disclosure requirements in Topic 840 (for example

		

			
		


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
(&#x201C;ASU 2016-13&#x201D;)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information

		

			
		
		
	
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




		

			
		
		
	













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018









Restricted Shares
 Non-vested restricted stock at January 1
 2019

363





Restricted Shares
 Granted

864





Restricted Shares
 Vested

314)





Restricted Shares
Cancelled/expired

089)





Restricted Shares
 Non-vested restricted stock at December 31
 2019

824


363










Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Non-vested restricted stock at January 1
 2019






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Granted






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Vested






Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Cancelled/expired






Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Non-vested restricted stock at December 31
 2019






Weighted-Average Contractual Life
 Non-vested restricted stock










The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000





000





000
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018




000


000





800
000





















700
000





































Tax year being audited in the income tax examination
 in CCYY format.

























































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











104


567










Other
 net








463


871





463)


871)





























































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.






























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( *J!?E ?(\\#P    !



0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+



S;V/
M3E%^Q@
$I3_4 4%PO@&'I(PB!0NPBN1]9W14D=4Y.,9;_2*#Y]Q*#C 0=T

M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!
M4$L#!!0    ( *J!?E +7]OA+P
  



M:_//0355KDVS.4;MN9'YWI*J
H(X3J
J+^IPM;!]C\UJH2ZZ+&KYV 3MI:KR
MYN]:ENJV#%GXWO%4'$^ZZXA6BW-^E#^E_G5^;$PK&JOLBTK6;:'JH)&'9?C
M_T?P@4838# 2 #Q*8$/



%DA(@0319XX 1LQI@9042!&=N2X3$(_-&2F18;[C



T^N&:H
M*-D$QF




QQGCMPG

MP+D6W%4A

?6PJARR+/&D!N@3

M![#7A/_P_H[W(V^.1=T&+TJ;RX:]$AR4TM(
);XSV_%DKI5CHY0'W;UFYKWI

QLOKZA]02P

PG:Z6F=BV%1B#OI
M)G

M

::H

M1@Z+=X(DQE.)#TO,. 9!I1A6N$TE$Z^@CU[,:!)-X8Z

MP&

H8F9(@?!7Q$ 


MC-^[L4[NY'YM5.;8#[?:W;?3\75J]/8\'\VCZ_\#FW]02P
$%     @ JH%^




M_P\;O?





+5PLX]M*N%/*NJ;
1#



MSP V!+#W &Z+[Y794C\5JE@M6GD-VGZW3H4Y%'#']&)NS:1=._M

MIXOH8O(
D'4/H1
(C(A()Q\9*
:PIEZX0[#Q$7&,ST!F;CV;0&AL=S-)[;

(@J)QG.%:8E1+[&N)'2T]))FPY)K&D8* 
DIQ




M971S+W-H965T-2YX;6Q]5%UOVR 4_2N6WUO\31LYEII
TR9M4M2IVS-Q;F*K

/OR!E.)4WB?/[*_M5Z
MUU[V1,*6TS_M037K\X

M2\79R**E

2&9$N+BTX1T3$C?$C)KWBFS5K\01:I2

AD&:?2B2^







M
Z


ME;E[55\.M[2M.GB0=K=.[62W.=UO=CEK._NZ!9#KX+5U-&!V/8;-
&J.V5.8
M:(XY4)AXCCE2F&3$!#:7

2)
M2( B]1@YB:28BCE:/!?%$^3IX&)6B@%'L*


I'J!F9


LQQ&P-8V78_2T$HY46*G%C64'KM;&
6[Q1W#5

M%YA*[-:?0\754EBB0LLH$#KJ-#P@Y(]%SE? A[#Y%QVM?XS2/]STF*M_ DGV


:;3U

$%     @ JH%^
M4.TQ!8JZ 0  U 



MG+3SR
+2
 '2









M
#]OP&
#_M$@ZI


M=&2RP]5P'D:M\ S0/
ML_MD)(5&4C B(MMUJH+(B=$*]@R'?$;'8+UDWBZ\$#!@%3FD@I&+R$*Y:N-



MA9XWWF (&DW!1++' 
))]@#-S+.!&4Q! S 8I=**9MPLD5: QC=!F(





M%7OV8


M*@:HBN6FQ!I5)MSH)GY]FK&/&/ LUCRC#6ITE0!(C85T:RYU\BP)FLEM:L
M06736)8.0/5H^=D-QAD#G




3N*[$^'36O8

M971S+W-H965T.2YX;6Q]4]MNVS 
_15!'U#%3K9T@6V@Z3!TP H$';8]*S9M

M;9;D[V



MLJC47(*R7MDHGP77HX9@$? ;\XC'9U1J&2


JYW-+[(7_@TZT_

MSINF9K8S(

M;=VXX&!YVHD:GL#]Z

]M
MZ9J
'B@IH1*]=(\X/


1L-A]WT@]C\C?-W4$L#!!0

VF
;!3P.X'7R]P7L
MN%9K]068X9PS%X9L1/-L6P!'7K7J;$Y;Y_HC8[9L00M[@SUT_J9&HX7SIFF8

+Y6
M.4U0J@=$%!^.T*]Z!4$/)IO
R:= D9B.OSN_J76+NOY2(LW*/Z)2O7YC2E
MI():#


]J_A4M'B==MG%?9QN

Q4^][$9YX=^2^-V5PQE;$.Y^\]=YK

DK[S*P=SR^R1_X-.V/PC2RL^2SK]L
M['^-Z,GDMSX$6K]!UL
!;4+QUM_-M.838;#?OY!;/G&Q6]02P
$%     @
MJH%^4 )PT86S 0  T@



=19$E4!:
;[9
M')@6TM B2[Z++3+LO9(&+I:X7FMA?YY!X9#3+7US/
NF]='!BJP3#7P!_[6[

M8;O!$R@5B8*
'Q



M'F/X






KQ
H'#*ZH6^.!UDW+CA8GG:BAA_@?G9GXRTV












M?#B^Q[.=QFPRO.GG'\26;US^ E!+ P04     J@7Y0=;N@/[0!  #2 P

05HSO=G=

)22PW&233$
M0E/0A_WQE
7X%/!-PNA69Q(KN2 ^1^-C7=!=% 0**A\91-BN\ A*1:(@X\?


MSG8:L\GPV

JF
MJEJIE5:IVCY[80 KOE#;+.G?=VP(I0GJB^T9SSES9CS.1V.?7 ?@R;.2VA6T
M\[X_



)2P7::.)A::@
M]\GQE(7X&/!#P.A69Q(JN1CS%(S/=4%W01!(J'Q@X+A=X0&D#$0HX]?

M ;@^O[!_C+5C+1?NX

Q7^!*T@
#THP

?I)DMFV#8@G0'I CC$/&Q*%)5_X)Z7N34C








YYPY
Q[GHW6/O@
(Y$DKXPO:A= ?

C

ME
7X%/!=PNA79Q(KN5C[&(U/=4%W41 HJ$)D$+A=X1Z4BD0HX^?

M/[-_2+5C+1?AX=ZJ'[(.74%O*:FA$8


,Z9,^-Q,6GS8GL A]ZD4+;$O7/#@1!;]R9
MO=(#*'_3:B.9\Z;IB!T

2T63K"70+3$'.<8NHE)UPCBV=<4=_%D?X'I_OP;%=A



MP>

X[D)\#/@I8;+
M,PF5G!&?@W%?9C0)@D!!X0*#\-L%[DI0.1E_)XXZ9PR )?G-_:OL79?RUE8


WF.KY1

3G*%#9N)*BMP[UQ.*E

<IY<I^P2B*:8XQC#%S&;.8)Y]CD%7TMQY!_@?!V^756XC?#M
M/PIOU@EVJP2[2+#[;XEK,?MW2=BBIQI,':?)D@+[-D[RPCL/[V/;_(W?)SV




MBGL@AX_?L?Z
R3
UWZ;L%^VGL.]
\LJLW@H:K_/HUA.-F-V H3





M=R;/5:N@]F9;&-Q4D(S4TN\9.Y^Q?3.DZ3FI]T/\S
6 []TS#1HAM[PVAJ





PM5W@$(3R12^/WS(D721^XWK^R?PJUNUHN
MS

@F%S#\RRXI









M


MNCC)*^\RL'?Q$=D'?)KV7\(TLK/DC

YYRY

MIX
6IZ+UL-



P\9 
?
OPHL\M68@

$9VQ%O

  !D   !X


U? ?_HSM;M-BL4DH-K9.F)1:JC-YO




MCF
V&MYTTP]B\S?._P!02P


4ASAM%MF6FD[5

M!T)LV8)D]D9WH/Q-K8UDSINF(;8SP*I(DH+0)+DEDG&%BRSZ3J;(=.\$5W R
MR/92

M\U7]


%#/_RAPK
J
'9

<0=W$D?Y'
MI^OT[6J&VTC?+J/OM^LZ:I &@72?TK\\JG$%<QM\BD(6?14@FGB-%E4ZE[%
M25YXYX&]I_%-_L+':7]FIN'*HK-V_F5C_VNM'?A4DAL_0JW_8+



@$'P5Q .4A
3]B&Q+3:OJ



M!XU

M9]\Q?\7K'75G4_AD.(KPS9DW+GO*Z?4Z)2=/-&'V(X8N

$%     @ JH%^4&S%;MKN

$I^%F$U/!

MB\XL92N@TZWL @551AZVQU/B\![PLX5!+_:!J^0BY8LSOI09V;B$@$-A' .S





$%     @




M

M(8LC*$#5_O)I5




:O69

MGEM*YN*_P!44PD
F&*
TRL65E(/S1L\JF(H6;]
NN[B/T\W^=J9M$_A
X OA
M$..P*5#
_$EX4636C



MIR'6$-3S#W\!3S%6'4%/. 
!IW2





2JQ$3AA9:[4&&$])05(

@OX1&WLC:T.1/
196DLJJ
M0E?(2$JF8'
-
B6!96DHL:B2H%27IGI6A)*F4DQEIJ(%TI=RA%0PQ2X8







M=#
S+GAM;'U478^;
!#\*XCWG@F?:01(EYQ.K=1*T577/CNP!'0VIK83KO^^

S
X:O&G/^)NH :3S3DDK



ME++.W*WKE%#AY$OK/\8S^1ZXS-?X
K$ 773E2-@A%AGDYQ$9+14459H?A]

)L)@93Z5

MB^WQ8)YRX6D




 YE7^/
MP


&9)IH\_
]1?:MK$]?Y*_^S$
M&S%GJN!1L-]MJ9O



MO$(


$%     @ JH%^4(4VM'KC 0  Y00

R
M9S=)^@'.W!
]QIH\8W(5S9]ACE/ZGMS^*]P
M!Z+@VHG:HV9$F%^OO@G)Z*RBK%#\;L=^,.-D5[+#3',3HID0+80P^2\AG@GQ
MAHL

R:2BM4]U[&\2%'=RTT8TX6



;+[;*7T\
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,V+GAM;)66VXZ;,!&7P5QWS7&G#8B
M2$VJJI5:*=JJ[;63. &MP=1VDNW;US8L(C!(Z4V
S3^_OQE\2'X3\E65C&GO

U1& 0)JFG5^$7N
MQG:RR


MYLJVC'/K9#C^]*;^


M4;Y;N+9+#B9?MRY)LM@C@3D2 .A9JFH$'Z^.K(0(/L@=61S;(D23JI!*19



&AEPUM/0+5'3\'NF!J]%;PVT
M9WS.5G#E_
X-OY1[Y
M!@@H%

M1:Y4O?#^*XSU)
@;B_\.-Z!:;DCT&@6GTCZ]XBH59V.*1F'D?6B;UK;]F'^W
&#Y61\R9':1WLS3-J]L^]T
MM5+/WO(H\3-\,T&CYC!HPIDF_*@XKA5).DFP!I@H0B=%:/W1S!]L?7= Y R(
M;$#\H8Q@4<:@2:RFM9KM9E&'0_()1NS$B%<8C]L%Q2!)9TN$R1)CK8FC9LC

MT \B+DTKO3-7^N^Q9[SB7('.\Q]T5*UOO6E H5*FN]%]
?S[PT#Q;KS6\'2W


/8O5@A]E6=3L67CM


MG]0?.'7@^/V2_;
I7A7S2ENVYN7O8BL/2S_SO2W;T6


M)Q
5Q%+18;#!U :#



;ECAWB:XM
0IA\PAO. 8]:
P5
J]<JCN7N1GM.)=
90SO



MN
.
=#TJ

 A?90!KX!NK[




;HOC_=^@MCK

MC]E_8'+KU=AZ-*(;C7O
1QH[K\;.HQ'?:#C


M!=I+^*!MM/I%6@(*M3+;5.^%FTL7*#[

MJ'!?T-T  


YX;6R55^UN
MFS 4?17$ Q1LOJLD4M-IVJ1-JCIM^^TF3H(*F!DGZ=Y^QA6FF.IR8^ S?$Y


+%LRYHW72D:3_+=TG\@]VM:] L

M\B+$:S_XNEWZ81\1K_A&]11
'T[\D5=5SZ3C^#.2^I-FO_#Z_
+^V22ODWEA

_AL_\4K#^TBTQD94G?GW-L=.
MB7IDT:'4[&TXEHTYGD?^RS*\@(X+J+4@&(1


M&!FZ%V,*2:((4%L.)W!)F5)



MCKU_



LX.V$M2\KFS#.+=*)L?O0=0?



MBO/@:H4&S+K'D DFF6(V$&8QQ6PA3#IB I-S#$O L


!)LDH$D
QV




BYX;6QUE-N.FS 0AE\%\0!K

M2M%6W5X[




@Y
M&QT^]7X@^A/[!ZQZ4^I-TPKS3B4OU.Z]#'.T5T;S9K3I,$KC1^DBP8I_P6
MK1!L#(*U09K9#0*K06 




?T.8UVU(*A^D#UT]DTCE:#&ANJ$=:^ UCY)


!CT;!ZY3HY2OKG@5UV@V!4$








MT(Z/E4-#6B0J@Y2/6GT1:I$D@:Z,,%5R8J#?GEUUY&ABQB(C#PC@LB/@

XD%A%!

D%

MKHR#*%@X 2$1)_Q@JAG 6HK03\PU4R35#&/-8JZEI#H%@\TFD

M[T6CD?9)OIAP!A7BC!X61V0KZ8*P; DCHL4O
(7I&)C/#$

:5^]
MZ-(3


M-!DY$W#

JG 1$7$P!:80 $(5-0:#^,E)E0N@?$2HBI:*'(XP$K
KIG
M!;$F!1RJD$
H

MBT9/D&=69H*8T 7&4  

M(DU

M?$E0O$P6^D&K3&)02PRA!! :8ALL
5IRPO)18K0DJ$HF+%T2;
PR02^8%690
M ;P

GN_*BT8;(BOHA#$XH!CJ&@Q.&H.(HX+0%
M&!4FK.*$AX
=
F5

QJCI



3P)/4JF+/NF



MIX#


M(J?9CIITIL&3(M'9)T0*(;9I$)[7$Z0@35F-D%VDVA@AQ
D-L$^4VU&MR
MU!16TUM-5J4$51D,(B( *#


OK

M_1Y/^@ T#5IV4.:VU/=B/ 6
 \4'=\))IF/6YB]02P
$%     @ JH%^4-9I

M0RVSC9E4%@&%X30HL[SREW


MBQ6-ID=IB 


MRB5;KAA

L'!A&(IL/IABX8*Q0!RS


- &@R?+R(@PT




+SCS&F2:I!6?&.+
+SCS&


!&7R7*?4ELYX@ :BJ5FHEM%7;:P
&HDWB
EFGD0R
.%553.



Q&L%@T]LY]
_6IV0H^WLNQJ%@MUY[@IV6_AK-







V%NT
MWJ-0)QC$6T9KT5M;NI0C8^]Z\_VTL5VMB.8TD9JJ



M?*/


X(
$OB'PGPB\@0L-



 1N-Q3.


M=L+U[6L;0HFSO3_87F9F9XV]% 
7K[(&4-Y;RSJY\6NE^C4ALJJAI?*)]]#I


AF@EA]BXAG@CQ3(@26_SHS);ZD2I:%H(/
MGA@_5D_-F0C7L=[


M2%$;*6+#R;'%




MY



T8(Y

[S.4'Q<YA):AV/U!U!+ P04     J
M@7Y0Z0T!H:X!  #  P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970U,2YX;6QM
M4]MNVS ,_15!'U YCI-V@6U@Z3!TP H$+=H^*S8=]7%E92X_?M1LF.DF5\D
MDCH\AZ2DO#?VW;4 GGPJJ5U!6^^[#6.N:D%Q=V


.WZ




MGTS_ &
_*TK&YO_230R6H41GIXDJJH_-&C2Q8BN*?PRYTW/N1_YPVGY.






MFA718V*#:7K


M4?)G2O%:5YSO*CYCHG$:B*QF CL!*F5(/W$?J7+[Y)^L%V952BS(5V@I65












M ^NA4T^.C%
LU9&?D.@YX-J0*$&!YR6(XK9S\]34]CQ/V5F2MH
]=\294LS_

MZQP.Q\Q]]'=EHO$&


N%'9R;J$Y8X3SD;



MI[83SH%)]4&9:W]D3((RZ3TH?XT:A/.!P%'J[4;M^3@.QH-D_33IT#QN\[]0
M2P

M^]J&L(DSV9=@FS-GSG&&F:+GXDW6 





BMS:._.OM-NI3X]E]D\*8*S(1HQZP$37V&B1%H]BE%C*58
MQW?A\6VS3TBR_$

MQ
D
)\A1@AQ1

D






MWHW3






M
N-]Z@H]HHP
M6B1( BP4GI'T_'^ T5@-O-!KXV!X
PDT9DR;4FEYKW
!=I9E*
:C\
(K-
M


M='


M(*S?N;Y[#;PT52UU &5IAROX ?)G=^1JA2:6HJ'0BH:U#H=RYS[[VT.B\0;P
MVD O9G-'.SDQ]J877XN=ZVE!07F@&KX0('($03*1F_1TYW*JD3Y_
K^V?C
M77DY80$'1GXUA:QW;NPZ!93X3.0+Z[_ Z&?M.J/Y;W !HN!:B:J1
R+
U\G/






S*ZA\

_:YV0N^\EN60%:R4&2\=P8Y+=XWF


MOK;

*[&J(&LZDQ
%
M&A-:3%E' 85^W'

D]GL1 5!)..H1W )0





M2G;LM+N3V
=RXIHS]3U )2A31%L@+2LKOGQ9UWW7AL;(DGF?GJS$.G91#8
ME[777O?+O]7U-MFMB[_O\I?E;KW]]S_
1N
_)%_N5^OZW_]PM]UNGG_S3;VX



(1;E.SI*?K[Y+3IZ=_MLWVS_]






MNO425MA))(70JU\#8\C +S^CT-?$YEN_;:-LE[ITO^?)5%*]




X7F8/;3@

MJO@'+.5?_GD^&HZ^38:#03K@_WV;%

M^




M4








M1YD/NE4:)MU[U..?C@%A)./]]
NKJT
G^*XJ%WF^%!&V 6RZWA7.!0BZS.Y!


M;I0

MV2/.B'+%^HQ62[(\'@3@8(LMJU
688+6

#]*L&1AH\0@5\-%7QTZ%[M[N_1
M78


FCPKN
M&?VCRK=9X?E=W\/B(V = #9+O+\X


MP@6



ML*


B-]LSMEMRG7K_M?H](?[?Y\@

M+ .KOT'9!]]&N*V9 AH
16JX0S+CYT18  E: 5#O.6*. (I?(6&D/_;11J'M

4
=9@6


4$N
TA%8M@[ 

08


4)T#%
[%!+4,D+/PE/OY]\S)71H](,- LV
ME+-/GAD_(CC.MR4&R3.6UW]CT91I0K5$FE _X$#YM56


M-2W@FJZK

F+TGEVQ
MH6D@_7M##ILZU5R*-\9%IIDP1O:5X1_(N6 Q=\7M'1PGQ1D09I6TX?Q+P49H

6!PA\UP5.W:687&EW:!TPXBA2T#JX*RN08

!I2EU.^S<Y3D0%P9I$E4MH9
M:CI$Y

MR5WY@/8U110QY[MCV*VVJM

FSFBR?%OMZ/[.L@ X(_*X.M5NV_[B@


44!ON93= L9BDB'3/MIM\Z408Y/^M/B='
M.D+[
].Q6Q^K&W^W]6K/T3O5R=K65W'PE]?KT @@]@G_C3?#]P
C;0%3D*;]


X*B18ULG*&=DZ@693Q8'9VZ:VQ
MQEY

M/);
AY*3^5J$HU5@A'4V6)%F@=JQF8:N-X/H'@CG3JQ'!*Z3#'&UV/(B3TEF
MDI=8/&PG







ET

M6/M'M;KI]Q:/]@*X 0A)E1B'#\1YH;F!%'**OA?@*A?R. F'?DVK%8N^.+=$




M

ML16%)-(29:NMAV7B_-J0%8?Q!V
(I=A;V3H'^LR67.@W+'M)X(*:\$+[+*FE
M*








GE4V5-MP$Y07X%#X7^0-?#'*&

M2[8'(IKX$!%4;7]8.1\(&.K06\CJHE7@8+N4GXI0$U_XRP +KSCWAS1IJ&


MGN5BF17YQV^\SU=(#QA.85



MNI09DEHAK

ADXF)
MMF6R@E;M;*B!(Q#PMS3!LIDY[S!@I@TE



M22*^Z




+/:3
MFI
?B 

M)G(RHR_.


MYB05FU4D+'Z9#)MBS?8;ER@73L@1#
25




'E.9&'#*2V
#-/Q#
0G
MG.55Z)*0)*PMD:VLA=XG[7$LL&(/
/E;\N

M@H_0Z+ 
(D:.(P\)AY'( #1-!;';N(IT!$G3R2SR3A?W::^FUIAS )7ESJ

!C_!H\W_
MOLN)L&!0\6?A7=G6^.6M099#%5J3F)*?R0!^6+W.:CBR_2H!;(O0Q1!'^D


M5HTK3(AVG$H4&T;C2IUA58V%+]7E:WD6M7KTEL94_M LW^F3&CK+=MK8?[Y
MI

ME8

+=NF!$'4XN

%
MAG9GU9:R 32G@^1
.H\ (OLS/K<O==9XX

N$DNX117B=8ZNL+R.8A/:LA!74GWD3LUA 
C
]V1:$ST


M_
9I8F3*AEG7.5ED








'O=P#6
MZNK#NI^H$
EGY<W9SMT+
MM4-1Q/CFAK.V@J]'32U21!J*[(1D@EKM &]L5
3=R(*O1HK0^T-A9J%S@J


0+
M/

.C:ES[T0)O$%5;OJZ]E
M;QNN,B+H1OT/0H74GAK$S]-)R5=BSJ+Q51-L5RP06I=XC&@8[XINF@6)N77
MJK)+*;:C

#L<,X)D8FE]W!9M<Y.AGMJ0H_0[2JOQ:E
CYK(Q-:B;1%^6)

FC
43-W*IX-

MCB\M:8^:7@






Z ?GR0$363Q1#)'W*HX#I^B
M@&5SSA=+?FO?E^;& THNEAQR1A&82
0XM#B$G.*WNW


99





MSX8B#N^=VQ5=VY*)S80O%U9BCB*#??\:S4LI]:,!FAL05]X


[T]D9
I?M_W:/CS/K)#](.A-^-V'30!H14%W7V21Q-N:(P
M#0I

@-=4V/#%H8L*-


M%EC
-H$%32'9RSPV].BF/!FKR<7XI[
M@'&;

6)'O9

&IEOZ61D'<F[E&5(GH^U87?]1<OO!.:WI
M.+U_TYRG+4H/R$VXA7(1FR?(
:BEC=L(%S*\VZQ:KD1)TC!YKY64HSZLLH?
M=$O!,OOME! /FX0)TC^1I$CT?-YRJM: 03X[X)241R3Y4**M8JW&;4XA^I38
MA#EE6F&3*G%Q.)I-A!91P_9!=(4_NG

M6#%50G9JKBPADA:2




0

+
0J#W5M_P)W



#')[7ZCK(=0+(B*XN7FF@@E*LIZHSM3DLF\RYH





Z)<\$-QDR<G_X$JY^E!Q)-IS$G\+M.XDWLVZ(/JA5;307\ZP

MC-/SP;PW[5_
Z





CP.?
MIAX%CB2[731WU
Z[#(T]@85(9TK9]-L/+_^?%W+2E#5_^FL(\4'^)F5QJ
AB

PIV
(Z?+BZTDEV7E1E
T9


MZP+K 

M8W7Q7TMA6U-?E:/C[!I:4PR?)9
I_&=JK(??L\&\)0RE=S$+_++MB_JH5*
1


_9NEBM

M!;UACP5H









=N+
MW/88,G&-(1,2B4I9!0H,#BL/LZWBZ9ICVND_\JAAVJ])K=29&,TU'.U*;&[



M

,'O#?9#B/:MY)V
MY/F

8^J7NR5H[[;P '!Z^G3Y


MC9 =FVB]H8B#H)@6( RIM8FD/?@:X3PRUYS+4 RJX*#]JKGJ2+X2&D.!;D@?




_+G%ME2?^;#F02RZC )-)[''[S2))/&M0OZ=HK
M=6UC'12$0F9986$FUL0P^9(
0]SMO3#LC2RQV/*E]ET#FQ5\J6U5K86I#Y1$




D34J%

M*;\/2






&LD]FXAQ'*Y\8Q]DL;NO*[@*_\MD%(;('6
O@SYRCQ?UE!RLJ3



7@BA-42FN4OBC:!JT2HR<A&M?0A3.O\_H0IUU912LU*G\0&/H&;$
7D;HGDG_3M1(U^Q!0RYV6^2'P@]<]
$A

-HUN4XC6ZH1

N
M^5?.8^DD&(%R#8+.)RXPBHW@<NHX&?J4LDVQ]5PK?XZ8\P3J4G#O3G+;)




MD[Y4OC:&UHY


MM=.@


1GS






M7BLFR
9GCBU+[K!I-T?7&P\Z\KTM=R077]\:S;.KEE Q%GNVO@N7ACG8-%GQ
M_'N![VE29TC!@QZ_AM@&J*SDEH2P-I+K^D/L?-\=7]&^A88_Y(*

M:9!1
QC?USV)%.3&C6




M(AS[B2CEL9PZ

M)5


M;DZF2Z:6 6=(


M


MMK)TI%IB5_L4\]7 4 /--ZNX3D'C^KCL6:;DS;7N@8ZO9HFT[+6[=6]\9^:C



M\7GR ]E1ACH64B50MTG\!.A(90Q:'+=&X!A7%21)*$);#168DL52%H]?JPH.
M9*^WMAFOJ'1 )Y75C71UZG0(EX6+T#3H#GA%*T];QO ;B0=L[
FI9R8J&HDY


)WS4+D03&BR;8VOU _XLGOK









DF&U$C
6_.




^XIBIT$3M4IZ-

G.HN

Y5Q'D@EOK1.P:W


M;[PO=T  P'5YN/0
8Z;Z
1HLN'7OE=TD42?V6(K=




-IM(HUL4
EV$CSMRO&57=A63=']V.TFC ID[J'4)J&U+^]@3MX!M+Z1HJ#



M-=X/ O]




SX:SL1
4]IAK#WBWN!()!=?X

V]AL%'E4&
#5J56]9;L%*QN#X1


M;*



M[OI(@[/]BLQHMA1


*L \\%,#ARLNVQ)^G27%C'0P^4\K1+]5Q.*8LV61ZL.NBD\Y-6T%C11Y

RYS4(+0F-MT5+-E-)!;25.7Y82*SFIGD&-

M% S*5R7^'%4@QP^DH
HF?4;E3UZ;'F% R

M


#

M^U99EX %JT3+=5]AU2Q$:[6 H9*I^_EZ3DT-],=B:I)?XHX1%PC6V/RM3PB
M,RH :)4!,[F3(J.JKU)#A=6*%JK=DHM-CN9 URA9Y/:=GZ4\[#.R92=P=!8



M_]E]]E/9I^G/!B-


1GN

1J%1LW6/\6PBAA)KRR^1EV7 L\)_O]MK5Z
M:+%=JV]U;EY 6:KW:U23%D7-$@.Z'CKH.AU CGFY%& _/'85]=]Y8+E!)T
MQ


^H*R&JWG#'6)4Q^!8
M$Y 780 S*C9!6C(+5N4C6TMT6W1CM][V[?8$)H:OXT*MP;2D.S8&HJB;Q
M0H\A/9!\,3U%9@N-DVZ6@3H5,N*)M.^%=*;AC]['+BM'ZY5'DAB0U.
-25$



M/=&-EQ9=S.K$^JQF;2[/(N5Q\1@PGJ(INF@V





NM-S\V]N^S(*X1K-8=[!?^]



:MADZRB3P

M'M2X
G4[_Y78X78/ES)2#[DJW[+@I64NOI):O#7.7![16
-_\BX1\MGV/JI'


#?-;V4/7]#].!]$TQV)&75B
MSQ:OA%GG5V*+((09.$:)]R[+0Y/9T!7X0W$#]/P_
CD] :R31FO;_+- ZB
MSP;]T10A#W]







N=T$?G+6UO$PFF-3&=; 2P:V@5AT%]GL)_IH8<?\\A
MZU)?_AYUNBT7O^\!\1B&LDZ\J'UG%5V$2U\.\K_QG%ZY7,(+9NPS\<B7RT-
M#C=PV7W Z
OIFI]+-'A31

MC1^-NX]*T.@#14$=9U[0#TQ1G]].S^/:$EM[D1!^@*_P/R.H2RF)'E /*[^[
M)46QY/@YBB]&FCT*@2F \P5WCO&C8V*/!=UO!X!FN^J3$3#L\2G_-9R
3V
8
GO9-!?S)X<-5.ESKG0*  Q^

 Z*]ORXBYS= WSVG'1\[1Z@B


\=D_%_=)R99^&^
M.^88ZOR]3[XWG_YV=UB2@I]WTZMY.IN3Y26=&BF?XV(S$.S/9W
2[R\:)Y60



M[TQ%GC@%;67_B]IZ-#_[&+8K:DL7JFGHAW'8
W3EO;C49 /E!HM_G^4XHM

MY-L(YUSBJ2V-Z;-G#^7





MVKLD=0ZSUEP6#'3N%*M_L@*I




MVT=R;H.=%

)+$&+6*!U1C^Z(A)G[B$U=Z4HBKE.Z#GH\
.9#VI_^;OI_M$/+O6OV'_@^NA<R[P52NP4Z09%^/




XVIO


M1 W%Y:!6JG_NRSG^5^*I0+N?4+-VUDNN62 ''+_&6NEC=OJ=%

NH9#

0ZP)4ZVJ.=&\38K?D
MUBV]4+8EKP7LJTVZ_=PTX_3^8=6.8I@U[@SR!&D(KSI$V_7!4W-XF2^*=#
MPSC[*4]+&$57&$.K*DCI2=)HW




M_WT5,.I=JGGF&'7MUM-EVO3N

).?@
.RKL

M;P^/S)68





L
M@[
O
]$5/&]\E H5V+$-4_

M(7-U=*)S:ZNFTWR)BNO\
=HU%=N)'W?6W&D9=C2+OS^^#D\L TQ'T=ZI3$_+



M!!0    ( *J!?E!$5J

M


MY



I*P[5/'N&FI]ZGTL0H C;%FWN
M_C'O\G]6;%O 7VMVOY5]Q4\H<O[F^#7:AO<,1Z.7^3\\A]K#/JNL]7:=AK;

L_!'7Z3FT-!6J;O[!)=
M



M7M2KTIJZ[N_J


Y;0]'4U/)<//7:$9?9<A0Q[7:4=.!WD9;@VM:I

$
 LY


M@:3$!KE1NI\&EU96RD

M8\L?;0BN(!LFAY38#LMF5YMG*1F?I9._SMA]B%D@&^:$E%P*3:/\(()NF0VS
MPX

MDS_:CF[9B2H*W#$E9




M/7S[5
E-V!54MZ$)%])+49?WEG4_PVM;7G3O7#9M75^&M#M]8T3_M5)7Q^$S


:#5O2@V_F@6WK0W7S0'3WH
M?C[HGAX4ET#&)3\)8<W7.@*N(]_K





MXQ(D!Y^@!$$1E:.0RE%

55C@(K1Y%5H
@J4&05*+(*%%D%
MBJP15:!(JM D56@RI09)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(*E%DE2BR2A19

4     J@7Y0
M'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$
M% 


M+W-H965T

M% 
4     J@7Y0C7:

R2R]M $  -(#   9


M%     @ JH%^4 )PT86S 0  T@
  !D              ( !^2D  'AL+W=O




4     J@7Y0=;N@/[0!  #2 P  &0
M    @ &E


M971S+W-H965T

  !D



4     J@7Y0

4     J@7Y0\:8+8[@!  #2 P

M 0(4 Q0    ( *J!?EG0GETN $  -(#   9                ==%  !X

4


R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *J!?E 7D;G;& (  /4%

S

M4$L! A0#%     @ JH%^4$.6$
WV 0  YP4  !D              ( !V58


4     J@7Y0A3:T


M=#
U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *J!?E!C- UF3P(  !((   9


MJH%^4

M='


X+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( *J!?EM&#SYP$   





YX
M;6Q02P$% 
4     J@7Y0^OD.]D
  H!P  &0              @ $9



9AAFW$ 0  *P0  !D



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0W


4     J@7Y0:WG.3_
!   H!0  &0



BYX;6Q0







O=V]R:V)O;VLN

 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedEmployeeBenefitsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=jsda_UnitedStatesAndCanadaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=jsda_LeaseholdImprovementsAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfOperatingSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductionRelatedImpairmentsOrCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossRealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_SlottingFeesAndPromotionAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_CustomersPaymentOfInvoicePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DiscountsForCustomersPaymentsMadeWithin15Days'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=jsda_TwoMajorCustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=jsda_ThreeMajorCustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ScheduleOfAnnualPrincipalPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ConvertibleDebtConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_BeneficialConversionFeatureOnPaidInKindInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCreditNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=jsda_A025To050Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=jsda_A051To109Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=jsda_A110To299Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueWithinOneYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=jsda_VehiclesAndOfficeAndComputerEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ConvertibleSubordinatedNotesPayableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_GainsLossesOnInsuranceClaim'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherDeferredLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_CashPaidDuringPeriodForAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsiderationReceivedForBeneficialInterestObtainedForTransferringFinancialAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeDepositsWithFinancialInstitutions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'




_KGIBF<2;


M\JO!OU\S2F\ +AC.^0IZHN'-G?#F:E(W/+J61^^8H=$_;)
XA@E8-^RY$_9

MI[JD&!T1I_@H^H$\XBT9

MG(HX[E=B/=(PH'2IJNT'NW-^7@]&W $=O#!4@A!ELPPP!W
^ %M*-[:MPO^'
M






M0XL:

M:E^I9C


P@6-

O'-$B
MB_.*+1&NS9J/&HE\((F\JYKUC40^I$0^Y*HV$ODP$GG'U8;0U0F+@^&GSX9E
MS-Q9\G9)AHU?$VY GRA2#PP_QG O]5Y(%K&R8^:J0%;-%EQ(7EXO%T9Q;[AP


-V\H23.L)

MUOIQ-VRN6





-\#T9_U!_T3Q=N-7.ME)DV(
MR8&UEL8,I[K\ VCY

3.
RAG
;7/FORAA'Z7$
MB2+7RSCEF2^]UDT0@O#!UMQ9\,B=D'#7\!V/PM#-
^7G&20<#Y=YVG:GR?X@UL9FNW#N,4D?L7+&S4!U



#

MS D;7T%U)WZ0FE+1J6;

!C%X%HS\1*04K1_I7.;85$&
MI&E

&X-DP*


MV#2T:]

ZS3K^T-:(#+TT*

MP5?
DP3G#]L$UB1



4.C=\30
XL3/K+R8R@ W)FTHEST9X[/WF?&5:F%5^<X%O_]9__
M\1_XXCS^FGA@ I<3<C



/S1
M'T\W^-PDBPO%L$PPON2+SU1 
_<B *_*&0

MV3.@!P85+


K7F

MJR/ZKA;@;5Q-Q.,'






M:B)XCD96X##&=:UB*L.?%
2V8Z*,^&,\6Q0NEA1$93)C \P,OL9Q@(! I=('QC8GV'
MF5#&@']K +/!3$+RFM1^7:*W<U.GXC3K!BX K8&&Y)F'F0J'6(VP400G$




%CLVS'
MTP:^/--!#LJHS-H%E.22KPK4P28
A&- @Q2K0$;4[&0(#@W2.0P'6]8S26$T

A@GX#K#.WX1_EN(
3JQ9VC_DKGA

^9:!VASF5 3H/H9YRILQV'Z?+^L &&@GX
L/AY!
AY7FT
;OD'
MJLD;85U5L/6Y@$(*:#7')VJ)VIZP9[0LEI):":SV=S L2E/D6EJ9*'H#F

MMAW'GJW^71[RI_R\?*1$7
?^:2H/=E7 .7[\'4$X'[?$1T;C8@)2Z6(*Y*&K

M/J($*'



[$:J5-=J5
3/5U8'BUG

O(EX$R1_7UJ62\S@4-![^\82+5/^)4X (S?;
M,]ZIWWCY%]@ROV9%;#L.#U3\XE^!@2F7'GAQH5EF+^<8.&'DPB2:L:R)LM(


M*@&&I?8_D$6$C3/6A]E\
6!JM;U+4'4P5*=MZY'T73,
MLY#F/%L1BL,V<MPG77)LRU= EXQ56P_<:7DC73I9Z9+2-9O_AB7:J)[6U3O


M-COV!/L;+Y0)T63'XC^I











M)%
IJ?[)KVH_6M-H

MR43


M^8E.W#QS\]MZM/#;



Y7E3&U
MZ 0+UK\.B5?ONQ7I7EX][U;L='/LHGY'A4M4;DG

M(Q

M^EM4-=WXI9\



M(5'2YLY*Y1;9ZR?]=7DME


T:G







MN/1*P


MF L-XD^V+(P?(\5OHLV#B3Z:/C


2)4)3?F8FEE[7ZBC:%
 %8!R;&5
=$6G8\=/S#Y&DZ_Z

M
FDJ'5=


V\7J\T%&#Q8J7O!D7K$O;:@T3E%3'%IFF+DN1\U.]L.6U*

M-2\E_\!^%O61#-C

M7
L\P^H@U4F6AQ/D<N$Z4-'#L'Z 1:TM1Y;I)D




M%.@9*+
9O/1$O9+=GC%@*3:P&.@H$_X 93LCAKC[-,.:O,%*DMGRBA59@#%
ME.-3H+Y!\SEZZ

MZ

B]7[D:

W%F=$6H[OMPR&O. LO[V9:PV:*4
M1W?2MM:45HPQ_P!;6LEX_0;;T^U+9;@UG7 ([5P.T1H/%K?G2NL'_O)MAY1





H@@NQ;9N_#=$P'/Q.4*=_$P@3*!///
M&,T IP4TBO)FSDU
* T//5(F-CRCZA0WK:4.S^(88]-X]$[F' M#*LX4\KC
M\_E]G-!#PLD=&[CZ\








.
M




K39K_UC0G&[

 7P]



.QU@PQ_3-B+%!#
M


M!N K)]




(]P
M/)6)DXH$ -
942*.I8T!R) \EZ9SR:@W\AJ==Z
1Y@VHRKP:?#FD92N7PB#I
09GPJ$6$MK0:)Y,;R([96 %SMVXCHNB]?)D-G
RGVT$K9_!7N5=GA&T?KH


C
VYSPE(6&FB&2Y\'&(2(OK1:J
'_3B5MB' .K)%
MCFG#K [Y)=;FOZ9$[.A(HM.J\Z P@P!HN/=T@F13QXLMZ13^)ZHQADM0GJ0

MGE6Z'_Z(-?[R8U)\2K'=(/J@\#Z6&L
@O*R-AE$L'#*H+]92@J7/[NX'S)(C


M@\(76

M QAY82[6Y7&7
*^
MR;+_58GW'KXVE%?_)I%N)TXDK&$.%-3.RH.L&#CL#Q4


F8ZZ0@3/LJ#
MGI4 J&R/A&

QX!SOV7



M89?E#


VU6+



6&V9N16E
MU:XPWA-A[T0 %

M9]GC65#OT&=!2$OE233GD]5UO*;(1DC/
@Z'=H9G/0^'+N=S6 $2J40C2N#A
&7=]7J?SUV'AY<$
MPAIC\IC?I$_4#.[N1P@S-2@C3)LA3_A
XKJCX5'7JXE3[F .G^[-OXC@!
G






-;CT# 9'.DM#X+EWM+

]5;J<?/$Q/I^%C$7W.A8/(O#GFR+U;0BY]Z]P.#TC1264=5W4JE


LY$@
]?*[HJ7!6O+8(9XF%N(7R'-?O# H]RX(1KUS.UDX
M&-P(F73N_ZQ[Y82]5.NPGD:L$

KSX'.B@K(0DS]/V\


NVT=YD7JPV93)9S#0(ID8BNQA;MNR9Y]AC+#' 6&(SUG!)+'2)_V
M?

\03NMI6 21([+TAY






ME*_^!WFTAZ](*UBV&9A24Q=6A(MQ=+BO5-AKU\
)# 5@NO!Z; $)PBBD&]



&M'873UX

MK^1J8MLB[I]$()\$

M$

^ZPQ[

M(RY

H+EQ;D0?NIY '

M[C6+E[9XR;G^(]$HLC#IU5:_TY#^$*17.ZUAP_6'X?I&X#0Y]61OA$XNR]
M_

T@; ! ?0PH+G&VB+589*IJW(M52\@


M^+9


M]\K2\*8H356895O@FJ(T]?*EJGOANBE*4^/%*W!;OK:Y9:^$]%7
+7LEI&\$


:=%%LYM BO@/=R

[ QETK21]U6IQ^JI1+I
MNHV644+JG^U L33XA-KE<7(!/EAV.W<4\5B^()97?=TPM.C&<)FI6 V5[

75FVU!Y6-


.#\L9


MFV@W3;J:K;[K:6*NJ;K7# -EV-XFX4]^'78!^QDP.W@JDS0=.#)PU!FQU?

A%(3M1NFX.7XH
1]/F7&9*
M3FSV3)C.7X?U5]E[6K4].ZOBWOFA$#-+XM3@F

M^WA$0KT
Q%J2N
K2O;9<WQM<1;OMJFF7[
M#%_U1J_7CLBJ^S!=H@95E'!TBNBK$L3NJJ



*H
B
.O$U
'$DVI]!D5S+X



M\7&V
;7HQ




M+$ W9!\SA%Y!#IL8+H!^7+)ER]43QS20@8RH00
(V9X7C[UX5!F7(O32:E
M.^H(:0TN,%JA#CE*\@(U J:;9.FRV]$X ?IJ*['$LYV]_XKF7G8#?7\GE!


^B



[_J9UO7?GI!%;.




MP3

MR@ER&WX4)PD/@A_05CB;3Y1Q*J(X8'G(#/\U[!U0P,^V%/ 9H
B6X@#WR.
M'(NEQ$U/%6
BEM( ^E



M
;N:6)&@1PJM
M$EM8







@2QGW$'[O9@
M83_G/)POI4M0V%IE1 :X&/1I
NW?XQV/'B(IBB4=/TI,,O)VB7P&<^)YK_V7O?
MNS\'/&22.:<7_A\_R8%A*=HM&'Q)\,31S5J<8*V^E4K6R)Z/TZE_%
!Y[AT
M+7Q%

VO[UV0_I#
A%O/E(FZDG O6H*!L6W*/\CAARSG'.-;(AW7SS;EF


MI-OP]BZJYZ5Z?]6@_9;$S-+RXE3MM
MJ47
L4JRU3,;L=(A;V(A?/]= L\




MZX?NLS!GJ[
SH;$B(RBE-F=0Q:0$.5@)E&JG-J



MIZ!Y-!BLL(ZVA/83EB[ZB%VBA!WT 5Y10_BRUE$311O/VIVSSB@$*6V*+$#T
MVZN









ME;$Z.H-7(1

M'PN6P#GN#*BRTA1'IXHK



KUSL=3I-7'J7557W%B4+EG##A^[

3.5N#2
M3G-5^*BD17-5N)$C%;NT\TIR\X]+CC17A1MIL4.KH[DJ?%32HKDJW,B1BED=
MS57A&LJ1YJKP40N,YJIP%81M?41&<U7X ]:JD+]^EX5?@7I5IGSIS(D8-UY

F'

MW(HVH0_V1]DD- !=S9C[6J3=Z'KTXA!NQN@!)KB=7 'PC&A.B%&WNTDD_WK7



M_4FY\YY8W^6[)[_Z+?L
KN#0BO^B:&8[);KBD0MU&R@#P]8-C9CF0F'8 I4[


M@/5!S%9T






MTNP9_63SZ!EH

MAB1TG?_45XHQ0JI_)


MWDCX\ 6&

MZFB:31IZR\7%.)D(;_R/EP(=^T,9+/]R,A\ND.4;RSEFHZ92]@?;^!C*%[

U87R8
\-31GU.DLO^\_&!CGU#@X8!=3%
M@01(%0&
[+_@LV)+B8P@CC$

MCOP7Y&2& (8GV),-3*CIU


UQ@H'=!_

M
.DX2G!#:'
^P8*#!BU9N)7=\5S&IC;RD0T



M2C


P9BM'
MD^3S&63.Z)-ANQP80[3 DMK+(TG(I6^!I6E@=@BJHTI=IJ\X88[KBX#=7H$X
M3I$OY7?E:N^V(J\0B!:-^C'+ G%PIG9/E^^ ;!P\=(EN+.XP5_#DA2*/ !2

%'G;#!.BQ Z$&9[!ICTS;?L[C@
R

MM*Q$# ^GR1,Y@=/EP(;+GM-?BJ;P8#4X)(Q1^3'*5CE1 PJI/XX%&#@.BM


M[0)+QG_
U-&+XARP0F

\K0?=NA^WW-EG6D&

?SG83U\V
MAR]^S3
FN@70E+KB7^*$[6%]#80OPVX
\X&_!

Z;
M';YN
D-FI547V#CW&K4(
^S0OKF)7)#?


]JF!V.B







MW
-HE??]_12

6$X
*_O[44M
MZ%L0VP+7&9)(ILG!%LS&Z01:2E;28#%_F.PQV7ZKT9-TY
'Z*R+SQQK_GB?


XN2)_H

 4QP (&@
MG9


M]^ZJ0?OR6S]W!\--K9]?FPQ8(EPC%!JA\
J$0C=C/_AZ&GZ5XMIBYIVX*(I-
M4;%








&YLJ$M7I!'



<[V*K
7OUT

M@=QX+G
%&7#!V_*]E[::;A](_KJG]KQ$G3*U/8W-YU[DAO[3U]]OFZ;!:%]C

XVIZHJYC?80H'X5//I'
.2\%T(


@6CD$%Q

MPEVUM)%F_S757O02JYD;6V=ATKTTS)U0--7AT%5H].*#_DX:S[UP5IP[.5




M '24=%ZD=*HFO.W!

MI0!C[4=0+15XU;FSA=FG4G3N5$UXNYY@KD3Y0D2Y&TUX):Z-MKLJVH
=V)[[





M64W.B5WY94FU&V^U)NY3O![_ X_WQ1)%


_


K$/.2YSI-&UFO'IOS]

MZCQ['-O[4!XOL''M=(M\8[S6/N#[[
53O/R

R-^8$7C%PZHIU
MW/02&
V$.SOE]DQP\%I[2T/JK^#K5+7!%%!D043FM#US&;[6KD$3@*G;
958







 +W'MGEXW57H)O ;/PGX3KA/-[
ME7=-P%3#4L(RQ5
. -=C)_6\/X$Z
R .;VHNGM33@NCN;^9_ .2W_@8R
&4+
M5+!H

M'M#8)A?(==RN'=P*)[*X8R:T./\Q]



N?GY5&/*WV%C%
M^(1NS(:@^ A%! IFXN?CN_@ 'X\'! S5A.FU[*TLO(.(XX[FM&S.HBRB
/+Y





M&&:8(0

M; \Q\QRG+'%'B6


MH\V




(!#5?
M[*$MN'S2U4 \BKB94C5SW('W#R7W]!@G;/NP
SYK&H^5Y9
I05H 3!F)82

2HZOGYN9;5IRS
M.O)T;R^+2U

M\L



Q$X=X5 *02F$YDYZJ'


BA'HO=)




MVU/KYWKS?Z[N2$ Q
+[(QKLI$0=546:UO4*Y'65;G(BM+IQF#G96^IFX*I
MH%9K)55.G%2#;([&%P&%6@+N3P-)'\
E]7L8

43F15'.Q

$


E!]VDTBS?*RUPF(66:JM8J06E

M



O6:][QDD4H5=+$01;=1
M50=DV*@A5U/)\($RO &G^$?5+F!GNX#RE?YW]@Q8K1WOB=);ZC_8<WJ[)#[]
MB034NO%6:^H&[%'7#CR_?5Q@2^Y=V%.UB?JVQY<%X1!04.!V4#U$]CO&!2V



QVU:W=IZDW*YC)*H]764\.8]F?;P.K$NLA*



MJ
)6\F&L\VQ:*L70Y'ZF[(IA



%*AA]=P-VP9!:..

MV9L.!J^4]$M^*$FI Z4.SJ
BP6!?_
MJ(Z[#P*<M2YC=V'0!ZH&WK^TTWD^_#7KM


MJTE8[(X6D'BC7*D%I1;.H!9FP_





MTIJ_QO/N:@F?C;L!OSK#98VGKRDL)2^6DB  TWC*V9GZ$73$F91%K5U4TIDQ
MG/6FI@ILJ*2S-G.QWA^HO
GGZEW#TN[
MM.?$N?8I7:5-)H8JJ+1D:[+V.R;LNG@6H^9M:%*D6R[*2TY][<+FTE7A[+-
42A@1:W%V9T&NE\QJ,UK\_EX;91SQTMB<V X#:2
M6!*=L;KE76C0BD%I10D4@I=12G';6]J\3]CN3$+;DIAQ<J0A+2N;JVR60$9





M





^V OK.V' 6X)(JS'M5
223C3N):*M

_ID;TRFXS5
M+KP@

M)%C3CF&%\\8C!F.C-YMT))/Q4N
1K22Q0AX2*X8CHA'\HZHYN;/FY+&U(/?7




A:VE=YG







O4_WP+:
M


_2MZ5O#=!SXHV=R\*/\A0SS\I\6KN

CJ-G!RG#]2-


M%'
D_[8+Q[22Q!*KB-9$_F

M?&B^'0BC;AQA]B;C:3=P1 O1@I+5+FWRUR&=L^'L(@SZQ84E/H9+ZFMSF''H

\*L/+EX&YI J

%O+J5VW6R ]Y:0U





X?[:M7XE_C\4
M[WGW;4W=@*;]78WQ\^U=I[GVKM


!JR9S12N9O?S&
M\*L_AFT0__L-;ZC;=M;:GJ7P)C\#P0

U!D=24

.(ONHR#$JS;
2-
08GNM
M]8%^

-^'X=?/VXR(36


7@O*I)FB7Z&(5!2%S



XX B9?*8$<!)4THHM14#M!7CR=[$H4IITC1*]UO.8GHDZX0
M_;



A]9!^;TXHV

)A;-*TBV6KO/
]/
M3W
3ZE3%SGLSV
;5)+ =0]-C)&'[/9M[G:--3W



MZ9Y] ;!=U*K*AI4$2.H@EUK=GVAN+HV*A8G;9W;

JG


\].

BK./%0

\)X_X.3[3P\*O


M;QXF+5W




MS*:A$@791:&.

M!S2[RIZC_FRL.+


IYLKQZ)AN.)CUSV)&MT@[Q6;-GN6N(
M(O=GBLD4TN@&TFCVW'

M\CM7)Z=WU[9W
!GU8$C= O=WU-L/IW3M8T^H.)8DSI&%-.?*W
4+M%W50V

M)9PR68#*S[]* 3?


MS2E?8O5@@BO/Y0
L7+71UJH958C1 90JN2;!'@:)USOXX






V;Z8*+7K8HD7*EI\RM5SF:




M='G._7A
M1BKM2V]MK+O


UL') MWO8=?8=[M


M6AONG1^(F=HIK:S4_

M'!G/4&%4-MT=C\!GC\/#W_DS_[P  A[\%Y]Y28-



*54IP
$L+\!3=


@G!OYB0EB;TL^P!SPQT?PJV^WJ

ML(


GP0H6(%]\_E0.#.BT*&#L0@!8&1N][@S[9CA\QC



UL+52$^78^J


\HN


MSIGLX5(0Z^\H/G=/%[_  )Y#BS-





M



%@+LH\[LH\IJ1Z(;WM1P(6


MVXDX9WELPO2;'? =/4P\PCPDZF-X'  *

9X(Z
M.\C)B@-P](HY2!O2QI& ]F&1


[C3P&





WYI1$#L7T8D#*7]*+QYO9B\B_+KG)
MNPNHST!E$BA
V##AN3A?@#TSN148D'&PR()D\2R^O8R!$=_W[C5FN](I8$



M
[R6,+J$^<W(#-1*,WO@-<1YPL,&B6(23:Q[DLM:B4DUL3\7)!)$I







!T&Q


MZ&GT1Z:B9V7T-
S^1/%GA?RIY%W)N\3T5/)^
#WY9U_AL9/(?9*/H51R
RH$
MA@DNC8OU8_?0%IR8JM4S2Y?51
SH;

,'_
M&^^9)JRK5$ AW91.4#KAHG39)]*Z 0.E(IG3T-[K+8D2W)B&6-WQ.(GW
5I




M9/H^;2.U:W(9&GPJ.?^$E&R G \YL\&-HM2Z'Y;WGQ]-SMO_;]SU?YKA9+I
MHO%Z;W]CK(HU=66?4SM-4Y;&PHBY JUYF?SZ-5)/I B8928
(T=Z3?YE6
MV;7HW.$%2.-B?
PT:%BSC5V0+95)L2X1;[D1E\D38PI$5:) %1E218:J+C(T
MG/8G4\DVH-E1QR57C@;


M*#'=SJS_3E1*_&/99*-:HKA;)LB!)W=WB^7#:DULGVD;;Z$YGGM_Y; ^@6K7




*Y
M^]E)LKU%W&4
XL:Z\F^VG]



M!*Z/12I L*04'.!'&G=$10-'W4BX1:*6$IJLG2/A_369DD1S=]2QIRG_.P
M8U_*M1KKL
_
M11RQPQFW!5JSHRPR_1R;G58HF&
!5-NZ&M8\RK;NUQ
YQ$-2WD/^+OAD8E;




.5FO'9L*_P@
+:PD78.IM\#'P;&GX=.
MC,T2UI/&NHFC&S^2Y:+1I0%4^*W)Z.&YV\/G&:R\U




+^!=/N3T3'+S6WN9Z76=A'XC(O(K.

N'W:






*F^@\7'N(K'K1FZ

MX@.8@=C_V4F;9\8MW)& K)@ZM3TK#;KX^541N^8X5C$^H1NS(2@^PG2GW
_'
M=_$!/IXU#1BJR6RYIR4&1-)5LOF+(K()\ G^S S%OXR^
]LJ=XJ(7S#G(Z
ME


U7[9G@6#GDEA!6&=A6&&&3* D!;!
M^8:_4+07+/Z=B +X/_<VXY[4+K\COECI_-NR)HJ Q/7]!%QS(+Z98F1$G8\


L$OB8%<<-^)9I'?
M!$+M8=$XF07#G



$=+ \YDR6=C3_CUVD:578\

DF/_@U$=EK


MV
*3)O]0-]X%P?&*+SS.FFPAA=/

_/^1S

F!%P*2$;,\.H]IS?L@(ER9R;6Z(C.$,#KD*S\:] ;C ;?!_+I'XOO$



&ZR#QZI$[?&/BF


<



';
3AQ6C^*#




MX?)L7_Y9G(F


*\C!\C-,KP]@XK/+\=0@/FL*:\FV4<6%-M^7
:\_UJPX;EDT[W3S-MX6EA*^\Q5642 B8
MYN\
<W_<F+S]@!/B#S
M5(O.;8L[-7' FKBB%N6+L4D'M$[-O:$KN[?35N \<5B=BI0IM;7*&1.&E
MI[S-X


M.DIV@WOK=$
\


T_$WB-QTS
-;#=4
MB!D[ HT2&_ &AI7CN?]PRI)8(XDF2][^3-A\Y#&)6NY1HK3+5GF8'S!G*]

@09&8?-5=M*$[[S%6
88:$;2;=B6HA(K$S
MSAAE3=;9F+DM96?F-[TF.T[Q]8'4\:8
#



M@&]AXG0K%



MK%7PPXNKP8L?9\
!&(7


%:E\SE:-(8F3JHRT7A^5K.] YH8YJ0Z(@\&SP^G.:LQ-N<




MRZZV5RMJV;R



53




'C&1)&F=JRLF86R7R^/=
E&L*5FP0B#7E50^JZ T7(\/ZXAV
MCD65R'KFE!TR/]K8LN*@KMC3WH4
6$+J [&=I'Z-.

M:Y (IZ_Q
M1X2QN6.1GSS7:*EMS=CZE6U9#MVP\*-Q?V9^_SSCBQ_9&W?^NE-WB-_YWE/!
MSV3^SST[
G3%ET/[+PBWAN1]FIP_)'9ELFBAZ-X)_]D]'SQ8,7K)9'[N:L


M*Q@XN#1 XN&+/=0&)Z9J\6!'1S3!
O*3^RCYV(Z'/2
P'S

MQP4CL??FBSW$+;3W2DBJ%9(_X\8'UZ)8Z+NXE\$GS$]2QA_6_.;F'=K5MIK_




M^\(U@(6Q


Y&O;%N=&


M2*^XODG2FXKKE9F]
-(KA=


M_TQ7Q'8Q)^$&[O7)/(R(H_UB+ZCV\B]*_.5DAP)).?$]@)*BNJ5HA.ZRB)
M:0:$51YG55)2#
(R!_N48+1 




051U9'AA215:.OGURYI-.1U4[%3\](MQJ DC'N36=[.W=V

M.)KTS&%'-F



Q63




M:6'N.Y96+$U





M=Q1S595F
9VJI:RY)7%Q]\-Q]2U#%.D5UTM#^F*N'_5U17K%]9TE?3'7#_MC







I)8H4-)@SG-8L ;XN(Q+&K]AWY;VWXWX: ?4?FI]2
M[0;&K*=/9ZW&=ITQE(UG]82DJNLG*+B


M2RRXUUP%U&



RW5^_'+S__TD- N\8DY?
M;:WE@45%


M(SL$5'M&+C7YQ?%8(=Q9+==
&]&'M?1_<1L.1C



]4HB:##A.YI5





M[42

M8N&L 7Q=AG#6 )::%L[1Y(@42OQ_N7E6'4Q['5:-Z$WRTOPG.0)V20R
_H
M9XM\_?_M/6MOV\:RWP]P_P-OD ()(.OHY5?3!G3M,U%6P=)VN!\E;D2F)-
MD2J7M*/SZ^_




M_1*-N6=QZ5NC/IHVK



M%DJLR%%FYSJ _[EHB/UQNMWSZL6MST1T/=&W7[5[.)3 3WP^A;K6U[?6-W

MJ2WZ6

M7(]#%3IH[7F2+1FU9'2
8N7._ X$UN@0!E5NE*\1AU91
M,JEB<.\(5-**AA/^58TU%
TY 0%&W%H3T\FC3 ?3]Q(E!GFF#G.C7O/88'M
MV




;!
RWA;W)U-?
[AF8#[7 2&C[==
M&VC6-



<8'RJO2]U&H&GEIU7DYVW\:D5=CYL U058^<9JTU^+-I'



!C'#AN?'IQL?5
MK:&HVU]2&_I?_RJS%^.


W[E[)Z[L(*/WXS? JN[.LQ[
M]YZ#:/?3+\

M?$S-^+WQ@KV

MB6@+X
@2K%'C4#4XZ772!




4Y(W




1ESX:Q_^0]/PZV?O:W_P=:@^J05\_10 ':!Z

B[2



LD/W9D
R:D9+^8E'SV

[
M'WGS



MU7O@8/T0Z %8?#+A.+[IA8!^
W;/X='HFHV&AIM
@4DG^#HVR&T+CKL3I2#X


R9RBQ1IZAS F1.5N3$-.T#!5_



[$S8E

M





\OG





MWZ$=JCT\#N^2TK /+

MS*Y5H?O %8G3Q!WM


1
K$7GL
:21&)
M_- 6!XD$W_!
U8?N#D;?C2:#H4R[C #W^@/8;'%!SM5 9.U 0I3(Y#;XJW
M9C 

/1



E*H
U1F

M[K?B@:E8




E.+/2
M!#NT
W0VQ''

MN*\W*N08!T0N


_ABVNFH;2P
5B;[41\3^B?



B?

MBAW& _!Q?@:\.^''!'DI7XY!1G)).H% O)$^[3EH*-M4#(;)3 LPT%'U!D-J


M&ZI$UQ**K3ZA6:M.


N(GVFR9U?M@6




B!9A52K9/XD:5K-


M



V05

6A@?L8ZT3$N7AZ.A^U/UKA6!;G7'_K_V0XT^%(&

MH^'E


M[QZXF?/UQLWI#\Z8=_?QO[SNO_!U!+ P04     J@7Y0&Q@9;:4.   Z
MJ@  $0   &IS9&$M
C Q.3$R
Y&-[Y&









7(15\WK7'X[Z*K25


^BI
=0(2BD4:*D=A 4(UW/V*_(@K:7L6?7&
M;NANWF2=($$Q%Z$8C


YM%C#DTJLP-26S8SK01%7+0.$0K+0IG
Z=.W0'3L.Y#[X6DE
MNRB4@BJ748%R4W8SVH=%M

M;JE ? *?H4I/H)PP3!R\@I[
T9UAA2_L1JC90XZ&^WD/214+TN473(2L[Z
M35(ZB(OO/



E)0SL_0

MIYSB_^5HZ@

I

EN
).[^PV<BNW*ZNP<RT*=W5O-V6LV%;N:;V
DA,*,
MR;LB)F43I@X6 RP?_)5'GQ&2W?=O$P^2/B%?#

M
8X$?!\+O08@YWFR/U:3.43*9J(F4B-0HV%9SY\(TQ/
C+@.
;O='L-.3@TB
M)7/_]!9

M-R-2



M$S]P@7TUU_G

MFX@PN\W&Q^^ZOG&K0WEU2!MIS9#6'MKKH-MZV:86OCIZ




M=QL1KDV+MKHWC=UXNH\I/%%;LX$KUNEXXWK/O'&5K1_F\&(IF^!83JGA

M\EI




J#LZ9&21;D


L@94

KH[B(Z=:Z
MU]AM
FV3%S*+]: 6'PJK7F




O\H
M$$O*\-_Z8^Q,OP.#F(.4ZX6U8DE;;GT8?A3)ZS!\/-P_FM+AT3 W0DDF\#

MU'U?4C:%3U^P6*I]%A7/*2L?@R1UL@M)IG:=&U;\R(8=!:*R4_AGE#'Z&/;H

M*

MBO!JZ]

;2EB&IOEJD
?$;\C5X1+R7(4

O6HD'+%8F.H2(O-Q@OS6G+
M



MK)9V!)*()?MMS=G:/IM

M75MOXS86?E]@_X

9P;YXCZ
M[-


SY0XZ &-#2[IDS^?HB\''IY
'58#_NV5HO&7@S^]D05@S%.SLX#R
MTZ



FK

@@5VE\J:U



MS^0$8EI_?@]#4!_@


MQK_!UA [V


:G^-R/E'EE5%IVNTS7I&92PSS?I/F9]LBZ)8&

$!^NCR\*


M66Q.9!M-OR/_;@PQB-AAJTA):Z@_

M6


)];ULK49]N85

M\5R7L!GFI-2'('69-6?RL$!-NA+B&X4:WU

SD49

P;C




M#KIT(
J&9E(:;94R;4U#+XCU*8+XGM4-_G90Z(+/)LS-_H]_%YY#*

M:UWG4%YAJ


M[?.R-( !RO!WXOSQ^F!W_8)2\61X8=8&\**T&D)^]7=0VVKM*OPHCM0Q0%D
M;IY&4J((?\B%DUWC0GAG:G1-_/N5&F2R AK)'M**R:DU6#7:)5\D04TJ$:C
MK

MFAD





M.%D?P8C=1GEQCU3FAA%$41$ESW)6?H B^69\^!+K\L7X^%/\3GS23H(S%



D?1E3-RL 29]&OR



E9P%


8*OVV*
M-5+GZZGK+V3@4)U*MB)S6&R<+]#IY(S5ME47#
Y)*6%G=C++(NXHOZGV5V/

MX



M'R(*YV)X)[\!JX0RFT@K-67LQ$MZ
K#/_L$4R'-:N W=:22KP!NPHD-Y%C

JQ2=!.Y5DHG^NTTRERPC8:8&\S@]^07


M  #AZ@( %0   &IS9&$M
C Q.3$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;.U=6W/;N))^WZK]#]KL
MPYGSX-BR?







MBSIH+VRR1OK7[7P-'.@TVB@/*\L4^/:/X8S+\=QF_4?S6'UL:?73.J=T& 9\



E 1[
523MWI=(VK0$I0VXLC2X

MQ0JLX=3DO^1]FLG/WY?T/?-U^*('UWI%;N14%Q;:-TEH+#6^J&1H\V7).Z9%



M]L43D* *!.NF!Z&:CQG!/F%C
-(3$*.)T9G9N$I'TWI!9-=URM4P\2BEM*








MRNI9KH$A G5-_

*
TXE17R]O8 EPN-D20
$
 &C21E-
ML:@@D*FX4+TR 4T/KJ-0]9\GYP
!@





M

M@[KQ2VA5;O9R90!M\%0*F 8FQP$ N=_YWCA 9


+T
U(5#NQJL!V07JZJ


+
MY0?B.Z$=#

3%]GU:8O.0]FY1[=#XK)H=(-BJ(L@%VB2H-R
MHA=QT&7Y9\WL\1'[A_EY96-



F7
)F*L_1 R1



L:S1I9!5)-OJ!!R100X;$7JYH]3Z4Q_<P$Q=-[/2++Q?^2
MYHDLTX#1!)%50W#'#1D']$;\D+I.%Q]-IH#L@HJ*](;7Q(^N7[ Z;I!B/N%


M?X0PRK5*(PE3]3Y*OWJ[Z&W@NBC/&C1


.


8=6



&G30


M$-SA?N3=T_
708&=U<4]@K17D#
MMDJRC2VV50HV(($2GP]_01;??CA#[Q'9(2'8&U]8%-
7SW^EB$2)PVZ]61BP

T5]S.J/+=;]HHA'







WFR'C/)
$(;
P+)&^6CPZ? $SEQ3)XA1IN8?1Y8YVQ/]0W1X
+RQ*'$JH(0

MS)!SV9;
#0PNE^VE[_&PEO@9H$=
?US
+Y!G3Z86^:%R*Q=6



M*9A?(6H3'#%7 F-U


J+I(S




%;OG51552.Y1L)7
MBOX9\FSB;\F[;*J

2G0.T*@ %T
M1Z@V:+*793X-3L^.X-P*J@

&#D1&Y\FM?*4[9Q44A

:/WQ7


 82/9T^X(0BEKQ:4PE#5 (1SE
V 5'$'$$WN
M%[/Y:YCX#3MLHUL:354#$(Y7-D-3Q1U@-/EI444TQ4AG+C4@UZ:*PH+3-





M0+--!7%GS?1@\.GL%
@KUM<D!DSMCE8@  ZB/;?1#,(VXB^EX8&/3Q
MZ44);$$= &!;8%;( IX )<!%E)

W6@[<M)V_CJPYG


.49
M@0!(D5F76?6[@F=8ZFC8W%

VK #&THE:VQ3]%_DBO0
M; !@WY&]
#*J0=6K


Q*-XI-%G


M:&P^YN'%8XD,K+PWU+AJ/G
J-WH^_\GXC$?^$I+N=RJJO+=C44P %078+;
[;C8?NQC%1:2$V'CRV
M.+@29 ^)B4'Y%'U1QDQ1V%CEIMK5E%8.<#83$B;11\LS-WNS]8[STPS\5WN





MB'_
_I9TG1'





&1H5V[UOF;C2H_]HBWS9-+_9D


XE.5
D
MP@T3Z/ZX*9(]R





0O7T]GKC]'Z F1




7XK]AARU(']GZNVYUU.\7PD8'6,2




N




+6(  1$+0BT=GR
8C








MY2ACMV/;XAU;FAF*[(]C_VW?YA$X9
YQ.%W\@\-PFH(A^?G[RU-.YND/G=BK



M_+?_Y]_^W_?O_\_)[14*8G^[QE&&_ 1[&0[0PRLZQ4G&?G5&4C^

M[OIN
CSW-#RP%2BY9F=DHN6RRE?TIQP


3!


M^\]W'4#]1Z$$42U(J$&2'O2ET/1__^T[;MRP3JA]]!F!-PGEW N?.6E#]P

-A/?H]]Y#Q:^YJY2%



QFP#6DU1P.'2!K ('54YH&'4:JXUAPO!2$A&3#2=

37V_4#3AJ0-Q0!'%@J0$5
[?X=:#@IS;1M:?D*(Y.(A
B)V]@M
M?B1L03/*KKUU$XLKBH%O:\W ZNVM7@9TFU.8VK/=55(1$SL]?SL$-W)@749^


+5#KS5A1&'0#;K.Y9].EXE%=OIM!SG$0
KL[=D\<YF+X@?$5_B7T=2
N@_Q


M;4OL+D]X\Q1'ZEVKAB* VY0*4-&N=O\.M&TIS;1M7UP@XA+=+.C\@L/POR(Z
M\KS#7DJM[3=*M9@U27!]SZC*#6^U9%8:#MTLSFGCTL$__^5R8?%0J0T.!J
MMPL


MU#-
?27P;=$$]
AUBW.B4*0W9\WTY




U^M:%SC[='*!S$9&%0&S4S?[


B88YP






CCM9HC^_YVO0WYP8T ;^@LFHBD]7S*_.=BSOSG']TPUR&V

YV5
;M4_FBI ST632#78E)7 7)L


M=[K!YL* 0['=YA[=!).

M#+1Z5VBW!F ^
C1\L'VA4H-C;AH9-Y=:3IX=)OFY]UZPV;2YN23P2-7 D\.S





MCW@\5Q;]+\7QY.





MM0#30P?CK6_VYRI0H0.]DZ



7\J.PJ.UW&2




'&:9N

A





[R)4Y*EOY#LZ8)$7N03+[R





13GX#=M\]71@5



-J2!GLZ9)T$S'$D4Z



-\X-1X7E2#*=3^4DXU%EO?PN\@+E&9=_@?5+_3^4L5G\(O/D$EN]TI3

MN$J#A76


MU
8GS#9JU6/1O7+ (U )3?&2AB@$./+4M@[Q9@;Z(H0ZBCA'X)P\ZJM:#-)&


\@&%





M

MA]3HO4-]R&QN \.:O*DRGNV%J5OLIW_):9W&BZ35$55/Z9?*$?EHLNG5\LFH

M)


$V(]'M(






]







M)SL39NS+QJJSHPJU _0DL5]O5O2@
7]@8B@TH4J5T^N'D_BB!)TH0;N
^LOH


[F%=
XP(H#]ZG/D 0V*P5<1^;4$K@I@QS^2,P1<@/T_GVX4BQT%$;YVFP(U59\=
M&^@=83UWZL[*QYH@3#*]+Y05PX-]M;<71'!2-X0L$/U0 CB%6^%TSH) 
X&
MW9UA=Y4;




M[(9SXZCX)S^=K-6Y_;M)  ZNW1V1HU5C&M#9I/N(*R#)%?%DJ;DREA;8&X
MO@4_'56J='H(9$K/%*^!Q2NT(B_LL5?'AT+
AV6]QW7P::*[
^SF-8!IP@+$
MA/
84*LC8_FDMCI2B\ 7AVY(!$=!0VP.J(7-$_V,'. 8MHI
R/34S C
0J


M1H&;F@/PD
^YC; :FC\HL%S=).293MKHS
O'NK4)T\HSBOQV)RA7.I4U9\(!


M12)


+AA]9E])]8SD
*W)!*]


M59RL^6L
\JU#/GMF.1JW[UX

RI'+=
/B@LM0^%XJ0Q\-PP=YH=I7N9!Q<3M
:50F;B.KT
P-$<<L.1OG/*(RJH



M5W*A7]'HGL9'Z!$^V?*W;%G_OP6UV
0VISZX5S;07@G-8.5J8G=6G 3&-@





+13#G<:\WM=W)';[?;1_B

5RU65
M5N]




M1 


H4


ML/JDB4[['#N\/K!&_Q)DX
#K5HB@./TS:@M=T815G \=EJLO76@A!L^)B0












#

MQLE#K*>.R3W$[C#4

MR*(3U)SD
*-=Z9CRVJ$X$YL9#2 [5 =*V[:.J.6R


M6([.()

M&-6?S])

YO*3#2(]M

ME.



M+/N






-KK7?(42 .8U%U# **

MCMO_.2*9[4C;3B;T;F$(ES6/KRT$0B;E07 -
:HN]:/*@#PZN0F01]-.?%=Q

M


M11[B8JWN4V? .0OARZ;EESUDT2/Y

?T)QX^)MWDBOD?I 'M=F6H$
MA;

4.;

M=;.=ULV/24-




 1V I5#D1E8<#QV&ZS;;.MKIG)V5O<CN7&0UO/#C#X





M-)Z

I;I9M$,MFJ2H(M5FV
MVFN]-2LDUR_6N=N.&!WHP@QIUU!,L?_M8_S\';\!E+RR:/S7XA\L&/]5L;\
MUW_C]LL.J/T!:)CM&\]BJOHMP !J


-CBR






M37YJJP9HXS EBRE+0V=I\R,MV[07#H[%%'*1[*:9GJ +'JN6HJP'$).-4

22OW/T!E$8:UMJSKQ:$6?7S7Z*B0C


MUNC


2GRXS1CO?MC' <IHI4=U21




G8B1WP:;1!3T8BFTG\:/J%]+Z


DLLZU8;.;'9@; .@U(8N:DD8

M:'#0A-?D GXJ)Z5#S_




M^M%W])_^9Z7J[WYOD#9B09C;C5**-F%X_Q+5!I.?V1VSX*8XNUJ_
HT''V
M?#Z/_$ ULTCX\;W0P4B_^&O*7S[T




\Z2Z)M%GH8]-N;3)27N0W$%!AGI7&+-WSQ'<0' D)[+[H+ZXK8ZR
M&#UX 0KP0X9P\QE'D%SV2T(RO%RM!AC[R:(.A['V'&1)4J6<P^E?3@34A%7





M=_HLY)0^T


WV65_S8I*&GK*:MY_&OG7_K]#;T'[/N/
GR.UH
M(

M
 !L#5R1/.'



XID*^






U &ZW.\QJ 0]?0\)'6W[D28
OM[H!/^%J=[R=;')RO
M-V'\BO$)CO*9TO9[56 A[59J!K+]II:P.:D/#K?.2O&HD(\*!8Y?P1H9


M
()V'




M3]''GK




&


MW



0J*\.



4!TKXO^T^S$BWY5CU55!8$&:#NX<L3:6 KZH%5OM/5U62$5
;&(R74T

1E#YATT4A'.H8
MW2V

Y6+O
+7;KS9 ;&J&W



M$%IA##DR4F#0QCN2

M&'X



M4-/P0D]QP;):B(





$-R:'%'^QY&8_69D4
;BA'V-0J%

:JLZ0%50.:*.#

69Y3-J


9Z!^
MY?!ZCR'ZB /L9R1$WQ&/W37]&5F5_P+Z03CG4_[@&V(EZOE!K-ET^CQE
L





5OL#M&?\&BEGR[$CW\?E+AM7W?DPJ@H]+4_!M

5X7

M1RF^QJK!=%L=X*%M!%F]QK93 7! F]D]T$(3'1LS!2C7L$#7^Q-%%PML0\-F
MXKR0]=)
HL







M:P)4N]$C_1TPCS2::7V7A]9#3!KZPN0!:&YG




M'+GOE/X








M
R/7T;Q





MT^#*?S^-T^PZSOZ*LUOLQX^1YI3EF/J D^WHKI;9=C1E@.EV?
RVD5]8AG+3

X%B[M1-S0V5/O





GB*FE=]9HWJ1I)C_CI=I

![=V/)T]!+T^7J
M%X^MC&3+A<^+=-(87^;D(S@]-0+0QR<O.;ETKR@ZH7S_E*!
O_ ;I
'FSU%
M AYW#H7


MX&;K/RBC
]/B?@TC

MZ(=GA.G SJGGJHPT T!';EC'C;
*'^':J6:'N4?Y\8QJPG/Q?$T4#E
4!4X6

MB\.:8ZC0%-E+Y'X9^6*L#CT@2P')^Z\H#CU


MXZ_8\W-Y
F


MT*U@C-1/+YD$7&5\+KNT9RR0&L)/6E#X
NV./U%H[+J\V8%F3@IE3 ZLPT



MZK
0Y0AW=S@VL.@3M_%N\&1\'YRP:SI'W
?N5M(PQ*J5V4'_@3-OU0PQ)
MP*:Z#YB7.[L  ET+H_DF6&$VRF+^ZYTW%^?
Y9-]&LF=6'+G




M(I(P%'%+%ZSCV#G1S
U%7[C!K@XU__X5M%_!]=S$VO_'+Z1;8J2^FJ S^WCN
=8
M\2SYAX]_O(\__/'#)]R0$D)1!BKZ0 Q.FKZNV

M+OAWB\ ._D9 4O#7_@X_^)O-[=&B_GC$6]31MQ]^=!;\PX)B\A 7Z#;XG7RJ
M/L%_=/3A/O[XHR[X]XJ #OYF0%7PU_\./O@5YEJWJ*-OCS[P%O7QVQ^=!?_
MH)@\Q 4Z#7XWGVJFRS!7)
*7&5Z/L
RJ5P:4O*9Q\FCK
:6FM[(DLP\8XE(!
MLQ)Q
P]A;6;V/I\I5XL



XR^Y+:O&GKG
:$'(/8+

3N



CK



EB_TO8A))JFI?R@Q



O5^7H3QJ\8




0RKS

%X\4WQ#M6 LX(I\-I0LZ4.8&XP-MUZ @4(*H!E2I0
MKL/1R]Z.P;M_]/LG'.'$ZE9Q\&:1(1-O#/RC$UW+0N\#COY (YV(TJ H[X





0:
MO2


4

G@N&\Q]=3+K+18TFPV'SCX6F_B+EN@W XD#*F52-F5M/*:]@+E
MUKAB-/=N+'R%B]M^ONS/C=!!W +%
49RF*$7WS

 K)FF3(2U&0?PL2

M&=@+.1



IFNX[7^5#]U]Q^(S1ISC*GAR=47'EL=(U


MQ5N3B+
&4+/%V-8]RV)7?!9

X$SF!?8X@.*-S@21\B5T*?CA-





_I!GQ%4[L)Q$XPS@KOW502MQ@/EC%0]UQ#?


M$I#(2U[%394%NHXCGK\G#D
FOD#K9OHZI\]TS\ X?.)\M


S)JQW7^(Q5LZ$X9Y(3&5R*

G5@5]YJ




M

MAESJ['2G\7H3LQ7_M.7@0E^9P&ED$)?M//MK+Q PV0R#RS;:&F9%U1:T) -
MDIVI+*QP?OX B.\H.R&/ZY\%1?5WYD'13T^R.0QJF9Y(1F&,9YP\Q(-QQF!G
M,=F?
K7HOGJ






-[;D9Q
MZNP+M\31ELG!NF]AO-G.;&7^/L$UX_*.?VJK+0^4@'L48S304ALX?67NM6

(V!95 <:&R9 F7AU5;6<80%L;]EQ__XH+/C!QHV=S*BTI$0/V[
-9'*
M@4)5T@L\O!-V^OB1M?A;O(D3MG=[&:WB9


MZ\H#C_=6J'*0*PL#CNQVFVU;LI#

71EJ*S:I)U@.I&*<K-IEGNF#MH
MPQ2R)^X P


1'1UG
M/N.$)W2^VSZ(=^0R'# ;M6






M2=8\T.Y:=V:1K'6!+J@;*\XHOO7V#]?TN1Y4*7*\B.[(#0MS/[BC@UN2_GJ1
M8'P943?B-&



MX*AM



-V Y)YD;
WD
@K83MO6S6KVJJR0+G-*(\\&@L'C H;?7
MMM5RJ6R)JY+K?U[#^DO)'NZQ2'G]O2);.[C\R@CV:MV8;N[E+FU;#.W:-N\




5Q\J0E/5K)7FUE3
MO?-QY4DUIT$5I0%RAQ&$&M')IL* NYO]?9:K_3GPIP/^0I#/D?I!OMD17@
M/^NK*0^]B;9!K35356'(3;75YM[-51+M^NCNZ& 71FBG#]6+.
&^E^I/[BH+


CP3PI_^^[_^]__ZQ__Y].E_KAYO6TO'
MW&V [;=




:V!^.#3S/61J_F
[F



R%@)TU0;P*IOK'?$%
=
M]Z

M\
43[L7QT4[9ZPT=XX/T.KZ8;S@QKA'S-2J0INH8TT NV]EQSS/JFZR'$!

UZBX\P% O]WY]0'M_4J

-N$4 W:
M;* ?+#!H(D;(QS

MW+UXX*\=ZN$:+V)EV)=M0HW=2/#?
E. @#[5X

ML.BD
(II0*KQ[MKSX09/UM\\L-I9MTC.GF3N48=4Q][GT/7^I_(L8&JUGCW2




GG';@F]*H=083U?!IN/ +/

M?'=-^A54QON'FJB+M95[,IW!5:._9]+QPW45(

M
^RHX'Y014VMI8OD^8F
@#4IZKH6'FS1-0&;B?!.8T^FQ+*ZR)'O(BX8WD
.<
M6G0/CN<;UO^#VYFS+!1<JK!F8BNF+19:UBASA


MW1YVFG8'S$I4+-FL;:4!DGW:&)9UM?
@=K@@2C952A?)%A

MFEF^N



M



M+T1D(,QW=TYMDF='++ZH$%=M(TV2%$H3'M=1!/\Q''7[M???- P .2_&EU
M-
$!-XDU; 0.DT)?YJZ NAW00]P46C19^6^A\0(MZ


4FI_-\I@NK#(T



MX8*/5V/HC'M'W10TOIAXP2].IX


MH=WV8-AK.&1$
$ 3W^]'G
C)!LMKP[6AO?82K$%;

ZPWYE
YK/N=#$:
M=:8*O!:I_O)8XA10@T!R-I[
+-#EP&)9S@^LK0O'G3N[%W^UL[+/+ N\/7C:



A*.:VB-!R9B]9L90K*#++,B A+GP$:*(1J8F7E)3
M4N4

%%$;6V!.4YE4-O_Z-VO(J]O])71F-:EQW \M-VZ7[42K4N)0X1OWO8C

M\6=E5%8

P(6:G.-YL&OAOLG2# 9%$D5E &(N5$FF



$:&W E0N#.L9WT
1<?S[.YG)NVU8KX

QM3$$*MMF


M'8P&0TGGG_UHGRG1P].%E)D1JG


$
M M
JVD('



M1L\CPX0
8'G/!ZCB-K1$5$FR:WD;+1]2U

R_G@?$.I=OP/7A![QO0]_0QJ!
M2PSMPIXE-^ @$)Z.J^.+W([V\.(DO?+39K'H(M@6PL?9.)Q-YNQ\;S\8$*W]
MOT)[20C&4*:)YN-$&-7GCZK- %5?%W61$PDR7JZ3)I5].3(W.6U
KBWK P

8 J6HF#Z^ K^VE*@N4



MAV_!;5H!:?P-J3P%$ 5Z=.P50;(VH50J6D 40( @B7)92.I$P6&[.59@U_$(
M3


#=PO'3;W!R@X9LP$#CZVP)1



T6F9


MU3M'0+&PH(;'W







N?#W#X


MAM[
MY;B;4'8%$9G8:C=^5JE9RU)+L1D
-G$OS*(Q&N?.&X!)FS5$DSH-ON3F2G
M)ZP@N 




MJ\E[8&I,G]&8KYG?])LIHP54XK4Z_='4F:


MP@OX#I;I6\%2MS+*G'02MJ18YK8?X3EH*C.T



MI

\<&R



 !\Z 9.
9I0;@H0#(VTCTA%OC1S^D!D
M;V8Z@J_$G&JVE@L_MT=-IY=J1]HX$K1[I9.7I#HI)YXN!L0]+T4#Q$A@F







M



U&)ILX!9L+XHDDLL87C KBV9SLT8AO1C$
1(=Y&UNO@GU9H3V;#

M

BR(0=-T

M6[&O#==&#
0)=H(W8VPP*:AU#F@IPX(8-$TW6N-''2YXQ4]$WB+_YI!\QML/
MQNKG *-*O(CQ)
]\38CH\00
#P\D]A*ZVGDX(V+!EH6GJL[8J
R'&!=--TC/
MH\'.T 2[!HP;7GHEG7%3@0
Q8IINH[X#/Q+




I;3^KM

S-3

M_V5:;TNTE 9X?S(9].5J

M33.





M!2\TB=B3MY=*+B?)O10.2A.RSO-VF^W!1E5FEUJ^DT9#LS8&U!;[YU3I!'A.

9$ ;=_#;BK1

MV6V 

 BG%-9*9BP XVWD^T@DW0'0ZB-G5QQ?@K%UC
M^PI-PYJZP.=+41WF-:L\60\&
P!SX

KZ%'EY=31?MV55_WI^.IN-V_VHZ

4HFQ1WZ
/'039P
I#X2Q1?(9]3)]


L@65

M]Z_&'XY[
+=DY_+\0LI(NL($SD$9Y;(DGK6[IY

+UJT\Y0A'+ISC6:4_&[4GC5N!R1%)NF%44
M+LM9*J^&
@(N)R5&*5-HE;YBBP%%1_U1)4JTPS!4P27%7TQ?9H(&U]6HS%L
MYN#%+[C3R2NJC.@%3.K,]!%=Z540('7VSB^LC!Y)5$L1/VG:T(

M6$]Y6'#-Z.7(51


G**JF# )$F


KLK
U'I70H
#]#NH4V

MPLB)F 482-

M-9#*) 20#=;X8C:S<O25NU[GOUC7#3&\I-80A%(Z0)))BQ8&=(.5\10@C3+

BSQH
)%)N?AH[$V0
MY@_ Q3\8:] AKQ7$*KI HS2M%MQ8S&HXK_
! C%HX[=W8O_FIG96](HCS/


QT@P=K]31#1Y-A1ZT@3[R0J41W
M#*2J)E:2G4/2P:)TXM
P]N-[?GN+CSD^Z_ ?7XU[BQVCY596C&)KK_G:A_

MNB&L%+VQ*UY50[5B5QU[AZ1;@/1IOTFB[R'IE72#2PEJ8[!H989.\R%4FM4W



NY-!KVN)*/H 1@/KH-DYW_@


MNN@)WK^_@5=H6H$_.SKFX:AQ=N#.L$

6UU#  AA00/RAS$%5'S$;B^$

M?^KS

M_Q/?C0#Z/&-P+ZEM%U__[-D4_Z!T/V@;9\-(CO#+6^+\;7\]ZPTQXN!MW1



!2(
 L&!D*ERYW@-! \&WUU

MUVFE=Q9
UVE--U01J?_B.AXW:()*R@&F_@LS
MW2]R'7H#L-CLK3%:$AF[

MJNB++6ZJ:S#4'] R.8G5'NF3NP/+*+)L.DI-\@.?];Z?M=Y'[;7B!C/Q9E)?
M95OQPXQC^%@5C


MHT=OMPGS_K4.LIAH]3TST\BY;0N.2[@$0G492WK+HB999.5L+LE&JBZ8C4
MC6





M6O_P8G](/_X
W U!\MF^@B?D;9(_@-]Y1]KP2-B9,#-)9HM32S&-6E&8&]
M5[QPTQSA:*@OCA*+Z6&-?7A3I,,*+4UQ5%O1'(!KI!*+@8!#03-K3[@OH
M X



M[H/A4NPEU#KZX(6?S!@A6ME]B9NO\
6=0WKL U;@!U)._6E=*4/G@21GT

M4%E?P9/):^:+9;Q7OE_-T.B@7_)I\C#[-!FWBG=F8;OJ/$'&$B[
1%-46
K+


 @N:
5HC3ATA%0XT:Q
M(

M@19:


M6(KR3E7!$JF)L\$2%P






MFF:]XBWXV$R67+&*FH=/1'#3W(-:5=EX-.K[)P7$PT 1%'I?3$  N1.CHM


3+2M/\+R

'MI-DZ







-@UJ[O?KSK*G
M@@ IXTJ+L)@.-87(O2Q_15M$M,\)PT%N=T5O;$G%E1'UJ6??4HQA2/\MR1Z4
M1P;U+2ZY@G*0X!(1FX0IE&HZ/SRXT 2_.1827! VG?8\EZEN(V!D7
Q4-C)
MUA0S./'5P@4@&2B6SCD!O1'#R?MFIC]CKF KX),'RSG\ TN@;WDAAY ?TA


MF9^XG%A..?&SBRXK=C;J-!$YCKP$E]!P/YZ
8.[$9!=$H






MIHF\GW%4G?O5C;W$#X]VAD69ZG/+*B?W4T_S[%R)(=-6[\8F0\3OT']]!%88
M

*IX\ZQ8Y/.'+K 1/7(9PUB


E:9K.(8-^I4XJKQX@. 3$)%X*
MG7K.#'3WK+RR30 !18R%
#B#Q2&V@SZ9P#;0[














M39T?0(5S*WZ

MBF&IR TL*?0:FF*-=;C5QT2C23V@L33J!+5Z?@LDW$Q%NNY[Y0U11I!L .\
M.*3=ZVX\;X??*.($=IYATJ9&CB;2C!V-QX.^YH@4QJ48?EI=-.:F,]_S!Y@[
M-#H(O)EA66!Y]1&5\Z*I
 D%5L]7Y#6P;@8MU7O!84=8X1/G#-TGH.(R$ J

MBYLK
9SJN;22!2?7

M2()3[E8B=2FV_[C?/Y#N=TJU=;X %




HP

)OU1

3A)(PQ)1I7 3/U



MRUHX+OY8TWOT_
[40W@]B!
AC;7K-QCYZ==F7US'$[YG(?=T0;](]+,RN(8MCO3KAKU['EC.=^X^
M6EUX#Y@XL^P?WQ/W,MP-74<MO<(X5_5[%:3$*




MD)BJWA!IHI


;
M



.
MA-I+O(#?&9LRKM75NE(.;L7B9S4BU

R!&3!Q\X@



HK!*U*S.BX))4S V68C-Q*B_CJE_V%+2[4-'!6,2
MQ27J+@\GC_QJ@OWV'$TLP.ZOQG6#M1H'*QGE&E4C
:#0;NA^GDR$^()!7$Y


_@+NJLN#I7%N:YYVD[VQ-T4\W
FBIR

39G)(]QQ;NHUW'&/59I=6Q48L20VU[9:F)K#(LQYF_;(\[@=6@

3.'




M8GGET'
R)&1!R

M+I1G#&OXB='@?6$L804HXP_:X/QYH#GA5FSH??.);U)C
MZU:_W?DU-(^YH3\RWVWII-TYOBV-6VZAIG_^]6\MW'KKYWW[DN]#YV%\+4



RY92#58VRS@*+C1V:8(1188O\[7B;40YA
M\E9).D\T
3
P\F*^ []#_Q7:]S;X%S#([Y9+M=94T-$14AIX3.S1T3V-G3\W
M]A/ 981@









MA5=!8*W]3_8ZN$2-XJN5FE#YF[\@NCXVZFC(96'8G8/W=SM4[


$QJ\H)=P;RKU4=2X?DW=DP_=ECWLC[M%6#

M3H7!'HAINOQC1S?BEVGJ EM!/*LAJXBBV

P1;Q\732\$)F5Q<3N]V*3S

MS
2JB03&L-Q_..YA#LU/6I MI)S
:UTD.'C $.19S*TUDW3OC WB2&KHN?
_










3DQ
C
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *J!?E ;


3DQ
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4     J@7Y0A_PHV/TJ
M  #AZ@( %0              @ &S&0$ :G-D82TR
#$Y
3(S


M &IS9&$M
C Q.3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *J!?E!S
'\FX%

 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfNonEmployeeDirectorsGrantedRestrictedStockUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AveragePricePaidPerShareForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=jsda_StockOptionAndRestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jsda_A2011PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_CommonStockAuthorizedIncreasePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPercentageOfOutstandingStockMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jsda_A2011PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jsda_A2011PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jsda_A2011PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightAxis=jsda_WarrantSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromWarrantExercises'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesFvNi'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis=us-gaap_MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis=us-gaap_MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis=us-gaap_MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis=us-gaap_MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityBorrowingCapacityDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_PercentOfAccountsReceivableBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_PercentOfFinishedGoodsInventoryBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_MaximiumAmountOfAccountsRecievablePlusFinishedGoodsInventoryBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_PercentOfAccountsReceivableBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_PercentOfAccountsReceivableBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_MaximiumAmountOfAccountsRecievableBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AreaOfLeasingProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseOptionToExtend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=jsda_OtherCountriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DescriptionOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentInTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'

