

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-21-007037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210324
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JONES SODA CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				911696175
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28820
		FILM NUMBER:		21768857
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		66 S HANFORD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206 624-3357
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		66 S HANFORD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	URBAN JUICE & SODA CO LTD /WY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990407








	










Washington






		

			


			


		
			


 2020


		

			


			


		
			

			











		

			

			

			


		

			

			

			


		

			

			

			




66 South Hanford Street
 Suite 150
Seattle
 WA 98134



s telephone number
 including area code)




		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			





Common Stock
 no par value


 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;




 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;




 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
&#8221; and &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:


		

			


			


			


			


		

			

			
			









 2020
 the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 was approximately $11
676
013 using the closing price on that day of $0.20.


 2021
 there were 64
360
806 shares of the registrant's common stock issued and outstanding.


















 to the extent not set forth herein
 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 2021 annual meeting of shareholders. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the 2020 fiscal year.




























 all references in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K to &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;Jones
&#8221; &#8220;Jones Soda
&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221; are to Jones Soda Co.
 a Washington corporation
 and our wholly-owned subsidiaries Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc. and Jones Soda (Canada) Inc.


 unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires
 all references in this Annual Report to &#8220;Jones Soda&#8221; refer to our premium beverages
 including Jones&#174; Soda and Lemoncocco&#174; sold under the trademarked brand name &#8220;Jones Soda Co.&#174;&#8221;




 strategies
 products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future
 including statements related to sales
 revenues
 profitability
 distributor channels
 new products
 adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to continue as a going concern
 potential strategic transactions
 statements regarding future operating results and non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. In particular
 the words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;future
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; variations of such words
 and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements
 but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking.


 which are based on management&#8217;s current expectations and projections about future events
 are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as from the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.


 our business
 including our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to continue as a going concern may be impacted by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 the following:


		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 along with our ability to secure additional financing if our sales goals take longer to achieve than anticipated;





		
			

			



 which is critical to our success in our competitive
 brand-conscious industry;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 well-funded
 established companies currently operating in the beverage industry generally
 including in the fountain business
 particularly from other major beverage companies;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 including potential reduced consumer demand due to health concerns (including obesity) and legislative initiatives against sweetened beverages (including the imposition of taxes);





		
			

			



 and to manage consumer response to such new products and new initiatives;





		
			

			


			



















		
			

			



 maintain and expand distribution arrangements with independent distributors
 retailers
 brokers and national retail accounts
 most of whom sell and distribute competing products
 and upon whom we rely to employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 which could make management of our distribution efforts inefficient or unprofitable;





		
			

			



 as well as other factors that may adversely affect our supply chain
 including increases in raw material costs
 potential shortages of glass in the supply chain and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic;





		
			

			



 hemp
 or related products;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 the loss of whom would directly affect our efficiency and operations and could materially impair our ability to execute our growth strategy;





		
			

			



 the failure of which may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing effectively;





		
			

			



 which could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 particularly between the United States and Canadian dollars;





		
			

			



 national or global economic
 political
 social and other conditions that may adversely impact our business and results of operations
 including the COVID-19 pandemic;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 and any actual or perceived limitations to our common stock by being traded on the OTCQB Marketplace
 including the level of trading activity
 volatility or market liquidity.





 results and prospects
 see &#8220;Item&nbsp;1A. Risk Factors.&#8221; Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in our other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including our periodic reports on Forms&nbsp;10-Q and current reports on Form&nbsp;8-K
 and those described from time to time in our press releases and other communications
 which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 prospects and results of operations.



















10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2020




		
			
			

			




			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			




			


Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			



			
			
			



			




			


Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


			




			


			


			



			
			
			



			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			



			
			
			



			



 to the extent not set forth herein
 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 2021 annual meeting of shareholders. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the 2020 fiscal year.

			



























 produce
 market and distribute premium beverages that we sell and distribute primarily in the United States and Canada through our network of independent distributors and directly to our national and regional retail accounts. We also sell products in select international markets. Our products are sold in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 on fountain in restaurants
 &#8220;up and down the street&#8221; in independent accounts such as delicatessens
 sandwich shops and burger restaurants
 as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. We refer to our network of independent distributors as our direct store delivery (&#8220;DSD&#8221;) channel
 and we refer to our national and regional accounts who receive shipments directly from us as our direct to retail (&#8220;DTR&#8221;) channel. We do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party contract manufacturers. We also sell various products online
 including soda with customized labels
 wearables
 candy and other items
 and we license our trademarks for use on products sold by other manufacturers.


 a Canadian company formed in 1986. Our principal place of business is located at 66 South Hanford Street
 Suite 150
 Seattle
 Washington 98134. Our telephone number is (206)&nbsp;624-3357.




 Jones Soda
 while also investing in additional initiatives
 including fountain and Lemoncocco. Our product line-up currently consists of the following:




 with every label featuring a photo sent to us by our consumers. We also sell Jones Soda on fountain
 utilizing consumer photos on the fountain equipment and cups. Over one million photos have been submitted to us. We believe this unique interaction with our consumers distinguishes our brand and offers a strong competitive advantage for Jones Soda. Additionally
 we release various label campaigns that celebrate our consumers and the positive impact such consumers have on the world; for example in 2020
 we released our &#8220;Messages of Hope&#8221; labels that convey the spirit of resilience that has emerged during the COVID-19 pandemic
 featuring photographs such as a rainbow mural thanking essential workers and chalk art proclaiming that &#8220;We&#8217;re All In This Together.&#8221; Equally differentiating are the distinctive names of our products such as FuFu Berry
 and the fact that our products are made from high quality ingredients
 including pure cane sugar and natural colors and flavors when possible. We also sell Jones Soda in more traditional flavors such as Cream Soda
 Root Beer and Orange &amp; Cream.




 our fountain equipment and cups are branded with an engaging collage of consumer-submitted photos that are inspired by the business themes of our retail partners and the regions in which they are located. Our fountain offerings include traditional flavors such as Cane Sugar Cola
 Sugar Free Cola
 as well as cane sugar sweetened Ginger Ale
 Orange &amp; Cream
 Root Beer and Lemon Lime. Rounding out the lineup are two of our most popular cane sugar flavors
 Berry Lemonade and Green Apple. We have developed other products in select markets that include teas
 lemonade
 vitamin enhanced waters
 hydration beverages
 as well as naturally flavored sparkling waters.


 corporate accounts
 retailers
 celebrity chefs and a variety of other outlets looking for differentiated offerings in their fountain soda. In 2019
 we secured a 17 location pizzeria chain in Western Washington
 which we believe reflects our ability to appeal to larger sized quick service restaurant chains. We feel that Jones on fountain enhances the consumer experience
 while appealing to a broad demographic. Our national brand awareness and customer-centric approach make us unique compared to other craft soda competitors within this category.



represents an entirely new beverage category that was inspired by the distinctive refreshment stands found along the streets of Rome
 Italy. Lemoncocco is a premium non-carbonated
 naturally flavored beverage with the extracts of Sicilian lemons and a splash of coconut cream. Lemoncocco is lightly sweetened with a touch of cane sugar and only 90 calories per 12-ounce serving. Lemoncocco was designed to be on trend
 beautifully bold in design and yield a higher gross profit margin than our current Jones bottle product offerings upon achieving a certain threshold of sales. We feel that Lemoncocco is an ideal choice for food pairing
 making cocktails and hydration. We believe the overall appeal to the health channel and a wider age demographic makes Lemoncocco an exciting and diverse offering in the marketplace.


















 when opportunities meet our required financial and operational metrics
 we utilize our industry expertise to provide private label products for customers.




 which encompasses the carbonated soft drinks (CSD) segment. According to June 2020 special issue of Beverage Digest
 during 2019
 the CSD continued to grow with an increase of 3.5% as a result of raising prices
 which was more than&nbsp;3.3% gain achieved in 2018.&nbsp;Within the CSD segment are craft and premium sodas
 which provide consumers with unique premium alternatives to the large corporate brands and is where our Jones Soda line competes. According to Industry Arc
 the craft soda market is projected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 4.99% during the forecast period of 2020 - 2025&nbsp;and reach $711.3 million by the year 2025. In the United States
 craft and premium sodas are typically distributed through the grocery
 drug
 mass
 club
 convenience
 independent account and online sales channels.






		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





 we intend to pursue the development of new extensions to Jones products
 including the potential commercialization of cannabidiol (CBD)-infused beverages.




 we also consider international markets and look for regions that data suggests have a high affinity for the Jones brand and can be pursued within our financial resources.


 delivering different offerings through alternate channels. In determining the most advantageous distribution channel
 we also consider what works best for the customer
 allowing for better retail activation and in-store presence
 including seeking placement on shelves that are normally restricted to national mainstream brands and placement in the cold-aisle
 thus providing us access to the important &#8220;take home market.&#8221; We have also introduced the JONES Cane Sugar Fountain program through a network of fountain distributors in select regions across the United States and Canada to provide our premium products and uniquely customized fountain equipment.


 2020
 A. Lassonde Inc. (&#8220;Lassonde&#8221;)
 one of our independent distributors and our top account by revenue represented approximately 24% of revenue. We intend to continue to expand our distributor network and DTR accounts
 which may result in a decreased dependence on any one or more of our independent distributors or national retail accounts.


 net of discounts and promotional allowances
 and all sales are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to credit issues
 quality or damage issues
 or distributor changes
 we may accept returned product
 which to date has not been material.


















 grocery stores
 on fountain in restaurants and &#8220;up and down the street&#8221; in independent accounts such as delicatessens and sandwich shops.


 we grant our independent distributors exclusive distribution rights in defined territories
 which may include invasion fees in the event we provide product directly to one of our national retailers located in the distributor&#8217;s region. We are also obligated to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor agreements
 unless the termination is for &#8220;cause. For example
 we are party to a distribution agreement with Lassonde that
 unless earlier terminated by either party for &#8220;cause
&#8221; currently renews on an annual basis
 unless either party gives notice to the other party of its intention not to renew the agreement not less than 90 days prior to the commencement of the next renewal term. The distribution agreement grants Lassonde the exclusive right to sell our products throughout Canada
 subject to certain exceptions for our national accounts
 and imposes certain requirements on Lassonde
 including obligations related to maintaining inventory levels and providing certain reports and prohibits &#8220;dumping&#8221; activities.


 we actively seek to obtain listings for our products with key retail grocery
 convenience and mass merchandiser accounts
 which are serviced through our independent distributor network.


 consumer demand
 and localized store variances. Our accounts listing changes from time to time
 as new retail accounts are added and others are canceled. To find a retailer that carries our products
 our product locator is available on our website under &#8220;Explore-Locations.&#8221;




 including convenience store chains
 mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these programs
 we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and the account is serviced through the retailer&#8217;s appointed distribution system (rather than through our DSD network). These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us
 and contain no minimum purchase commitments or termination fees.








 including our fountain and slush products
 and uniquely customized fountain equipment.




 primarily in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 on fountain in restaurants and &#8220;up and down the street&#8221; in independent accounts such as delicatessens
 sandwich shops and burger restaurants as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. In 2020
 sales in the United States represented approximately 71% of total sales
 while sales in Canada represented approximately 28% (primarily through our distributor relationship with Lassonde)
 and we had approximately 1% in other international sales.




















 young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality and better ingredients in their beverage choices. While we are known for our unique and innovative flavors
 we also feature traditional flavors and feel that our broad appeal helps position us as a leader in the growing premium craft segment of the industry. Additionally
 through the labels on our bottles and our invitation to consumers to send in photographs to be featured on the Jones Soda labels
 we focus on a coherent message and call to action
 thus escaping the uniformity that we believe plagues so many other brands. We select photos throughout the year to be placed on our bottles and cans for distribution
 and also invite consumers to celebrate special occasions and memories by creating their own label through myJones.com. In that space
 consumers have the ability to customize their own label and product with a photo and short caption using a proprietary patented process. In addition to creative labeling on our products
 we provide our distributors with point-of-sale promotional materials and branded apparel items. We believe that our labeling
 marketing and promotional materials are important elements to creating and increasing consumer appeal
 as well as distributor and retailer awareness
 and that our branding efforts have helped us achieve strong consumer connections and affinity levels for our products.




 including skateboarding
 BMX biking
 snowboarding and skiing. This includes the utilization of a fully branded Jones recreational vehicle with &#8220;The People&#8217;s Craft Soda&#8221; stated on the side that has proven to attract attention and promote our brand. We used this recreational vehicle in 2020 when legendary skateboarder Tony Hawk partnered with us by taking a 10-day tour with his family that included stops at a bison ranch
 various national parks
 and multiple skateparks. Along the way
 Tony Hawk created photo and video content showcasing his family&#8217;s adventures that will be featured on both Hawk&#8217;s and Jones&#8217; social media channels. In addition
 we have a program of sponsoring up-and-coming musicians and artists. We believe this effort to position our products in alternative accounts and venues helps draw a younger generation of customers that value their independence away from the larger soft drink brands.




 and we have had success in creating social media hubs through forums such as Facebook
 Twitter and Instagram. Our consumers have responded by bringing us onto their social media pages and into their lives
 creating a personal connection that we believe helps ensure they are actively engaged with our brand and our products.




 and we select from those photos for use on our labels. Photos can be submitted through our website at our &#8220;Jones Soda Photo Gallery.&#8221; Every Jones Soda glass bottle and can has a picture provided to us by a consumer.




 ranging from businesses to end consumers
 customized and personalized 12-packs of Jones Soda (in bottles) that they can create with their own photos on the labels. The strategy of this program is to provide a customized and personalized product offering to our consumers as well as an innovative marketing opportunity for our Jones Soda brand. Consumers can upload their photos through our website and create their own &#8220;myJones&#8221; labels. The personalized labels are downloaded at our headquarters
 applied to 12-packs of Jones Soda and delivered to the consumer.


 as well as provided for increased consumer interactivity with
 the Jones Soda brand.


















 stickers
 hats and T-shirts to create and increase consumer awareness of our proprietary products and brands. In response to consumer demand
 we also sell our products and our wearables on our website. In selected cities
 we participate at a &#8220;grassroots&#8221; level at certain community and sporting events in an attempt to create and increase brand awareness and loyalty. As noted above
 we&nbsp;use recreational vehicles
 vans and independent distributor vehicles painted with the Jones colors and logos to create consumer awareness and enthusiasm at these events and to assist distributors as they open new retail accounts and markets.


 we partner with companies that will manufacture Jones-related products that we feel extend and enhance our Jones brand. We currently have a licensing arrangement with a third party to manufacture and distribute Jones Soda Flavor Booster hard candy. In addition to these marketing techniques
 we also pursue cross-promotional campaigns with other companies.




 we are also investing in various events that are in alignment with our brand demographic. We invest in skateboarding events and partner with like-minded companies that we believe maintain a similar connection to our core demographic. At these events
 we are able to display our logo and participate in sampling activities where we encourage the tasting of our products to encourage purchases of our brand at retail establishments where our products are sold. We anticipate investing in more of these events as we focus on marketing efforts in support of our core brand
 Jones Soda
 subject to any ongoing restrictions that may be imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic.&nbsp;




 we partnered with Young Audiences
 one of the nation&#8217;s largest arts-in-education networks
 to launch the Jones Soda Photography Curriculum
 which was created to teach children about the art of photography. Young Audiences&#8217; mission is to ensure arts remain an integral part of youth education
 with the help of organizations such as Jones Soda. We feel that it is a worthy cause directly aimed at supporting the children that make up our fan base. Customer-submitted photos are one of our key assets
 and to utilize them in a way that we can give back to the community
 is directly aligned with the brand&#8217;s core values.






 retailers and distributors. We believe this is accomplished by keeping open dialog directly with our consumers through our website
 blogs and social media as well as with our retail and distributor partners to ensure we are current with consumer trends in the beverage industry.


 and we intend to continue utilizing this process to create our future brands and products. This process primarily consists of the following steps:





&nbsp;&nbsp;We analyze existing and potential distribution channels
 whether DSD
 DTR or a blend of these channels. This analysis addresses
 among other things
 which companies will distribute particular beverage brands and products
 where such companies may distribute such brands and products
 and what will motivate these distributors to distribute such brands and products.















&nbsp;&nbsp;We review all aspects of production of our beverages
 including contract packing capacity
 strategic production locations
 and quality control
 and prepare a cost analysis of the various considerations that will be critical to producing our brands and products.

&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on our evaluation of the market
 distributors and production issues
 we create and develop the concept for a beverage brand
 product or product extension. Our technical services department then works with various flavor concentrate houses to test
 choose and develop product flavors for the brand.


 products and product extensions will be an important factor in our long-term success.


 we need to continuously improve our core product line
 Jones Soda as consumer tastes continue to change. We intend that each new flavor of Jones Soda that we introduce will be made with less sugar and no artificial colors or flavors. In 2019 we introduced in the Canadian market a new watermelon flavor of Jones which had these characteristics. In addition
 we continue to re-formulate and re-introduce lower calorie content versions of each of our existing flavors of Jones Soda as and when we believe we have created an acceptable replacement that will appeal to existing customers and attract new customers.


 we have created and launched a new brand with its own separate identity from the Jones Soda brand
 Lemoncocco&#174;. We believe that Lemoncocco represents a new category in the non-carbonated beverage industry and that developing a separate all-natural beverage brand is an important opportunity for our company.






		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 products and product extensions.





 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with all non-alcoholic beverages
 most of which are marketed by companies with substantially greater financial resources than ours. We also compete with regional beverage producers and &#8220;private label&#8221; soft drink suppliers. Our direct competitors in the sparkling beverage industry include traditional large soft drink manufacturers and distributors and regional premium soft drink companies.


 from time to time we develop and introduce new products and product extensions
 and when warranted
 new brands. Lemoncocco
 our premium non-carbonated beverage
 is an example of a new product we introduced recently.


 there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so or that other companies will not be more successful in this regard over the long term.


 and compete on quality as they are premium product offerings.




















 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party bottlers and independent contract manufacturers (co-packers). We currently use primary co-packers located in Canada and the United States. Once the product is manufactured
 the finished products are stored either at the co-packer&#8217;s location or in nearby third-party warehouses. Other than minimum case volume requirements per production batch or &#8220;run&#8221; for most co-packers
 we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time
 in which case we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers. We continually review our contract packing needs in light of regulatory compliance and logistical requirements and may add or change co-packers based on those needs.




 flavors
 supplements
 sugar
 bottles
 cans
 labels
 trays
 caps and packaging. Substantially all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our bottle and can products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance with our specifications. These raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials
 which are available from multiple suppliers.


 flavor concentrate suppliers own the proprietary rights to the flavors. Although we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors
 we have exclusive rights to the use of the flavor concentrates developed with our suppliers. In connection with the development of new products and flavors
 independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at relatively low cost. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


 our supply agreement with our glass supplier provides us with some price protection.






 our contract manufacturer undertakes extensive testing of product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
 carbonation
 taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. Samples from each production run are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. For each product
 the contract manufacturer must transmit all quality control test results to us for reference following each production run.


 training and communication program.




 provincial
 state and local health agencies
 including in particular Health Canada
 Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) and the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA and AAFC also regulate labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect to our products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place to ensure compliance with production
 marketing and labeling regulations.
















 marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other beverage container-related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax and/or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the United States and Canada. We anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and Canada.

Trademarks
 Flavor Concentrate Trade Secrets and Patent Rights


 we own a number of trademark registrations (designated by the &#174; symbol) and pending trademark applications (designated by the &#8482; symbol) for use in connection with our products
 including &#8220;JONES&#174;
&#8221; &#8220;JONES SODA CO.&#174;


 trademark registrations expire 10&nbsp;years from the filing date or registration date
 with the exception in Canada
 where trademark registrations expire 15&nbsp;years from the registration date. All trademark registrations may be renewed for a nominal fee.


 we have the exclusive rights to our flavor concentrates developed with our current flavor concentrate suppliers
 which we protect as trade secrets. We will continue to take appropriate measures to maintain the secrecy and proprietary nature of our flavor concentrates.






 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result
 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the fiscal year.




 we have 21 employees
 all of which are full-time
 one of which is located in Canada. Of our 21 employees
 10 are employed in sales and marketing capacities
 5 are employed in administrative capacities and 6 are employed in customer service
 manufacturing and quality control capacities. None of our employees are represented by labor unions.


 as applicable
 identifying
 recruiting
 retaining
 incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees
 advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract
 retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards
 in order to increase shareholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives.




 we are required to file our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements on Schedule 14A and other information (including any amendments) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). You can find our SEC filings at the SEC&#8217;s website at www.sec.gov.




 or furnish it to
 the SEC. In addition
 the following corporate governance materials are also available on our website under &#8220;Investor Relations &#8212; Corporate Governance:&#8221;


		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 officers and employees of Jones Soda Co.





		
			

			


			



















 66 South Hanford Street
 Suite 150
 Seattle
 Washington 98134.




 President and Chief Executive Officer


 Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Secretary


 Controller
 Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer





 Chairman





















You should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business
 including our financial condition and results of operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business could be harmed
 the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in us.






 2020. Our accumulated deficit increased to $70.0 million as of December 31
 2020 compared to the prior year&#8217;s deficit of $67.0 million.


 difficulties
 complications
 delays
 and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our financial condition. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had an adverse effect on our financial condition. If our products do not achieve sufficient market acceptance and our revenues do not increase significantly
 we may continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. If we achieve profitability in the future
 we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital
 expand our business
 diversify our product offerings or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could cause you to lose all or part of your investment.

If we are not able to successfully execute on our future operating plans
 our financial condition and results of operation may be materially adversely affected
 and we may not be able to continue as a going concern.


 our available cash and working capital will decrease and our financial condition will be negatively impacted.

If we do not effectively utilize the proceeds from our recent financing from Heavenly Rx
 our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.


 2019
 we entered into a securities purchase agreement with Heavenly Rx Ltd. (Heavenly Rx) pursuant to which we sold certain securities to Heavenly Rx for an aggregate purchase price of $9
000
000 in cash. We intend to continue to use the proceeds for general working capital and other purposes
 including sales and marketing
 product development and capital expenditures for its legacy business and new business initiatives. However
 if we are unable to effectively utilize the proceeds of this financing
 our financial condition and results of operations may suffer.

We may need additional financing in the future
 which may not be available when needed or may be costly and dilutive.


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative that we meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our operating plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. In addition
 the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain market conditions may limit our ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for certain products
 and may negatively impact our supply chain. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Moreover
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible when needed.















If we are unable to continue as a going concern
 our securities will have little or no value.


 2020 were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern
&nbsp;as disclosed in Note 1 to the Financial Statements
 we have concluded that substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue as a going concern.&nbsp; Further
 the report of our independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies our financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2020 contains a going concern qualification in which such firm expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
 based on the financial statements at that time. Specifically
 as noted above
 we have experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations and generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. These prior losses and possible future losses have had
 and may continue to have
 an adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition
 continued operations and our ability to continue as a going concern may be dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing in the near future and thereafter. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate additional funds in the future through sales of our products
 financings or from other sources or transactions
 we will exhaust our resources and will be unable to continue operations. If we cannot continue as a going concern
 our shareholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in us.



We compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success.


 trendy
 young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality in their beverage choices. In addition
 our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth. If we are not successful in the revitalization and growth of our brand and product offerings
 we may not achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by independent distributors and retail consumers. In addition
 we may not be able to effectively execute our marketing strategies in light of the various closures and event cancellations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Any failure of our Jones Soda brand to maintain or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial results.




 marketing and promotional programs will have the desired impact on our products&#8217; branding and on consumer preferences. In addition
 negative public relations and product quality issues
 whether real or imagined
 could tarnish our reputation and image of the affected brands and could cause consumers to choose other products. Our brand image can also be adversely affected by unfavorable reports
 studies and articles
 litigation
 or regulatory or other governmental action
 whether involving our products or those of our competitors.

Competition from traditional and large
 well-financed non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our distribution relationships and may hinder development of our existing markets
 as well as prevent us from expanding our markets.


 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with all non-alcoholic beverages
 most of which are marketed by companies with substantially greater financial resources than ours. Some of these competitors are placing severe pressure on independent distributors not to carry competitive sparkling brands such as ours. We also compete with regional beverage producers and &#8220;private label&#8221; soft drink suppliers.


 and regional premium soft drink companies. These national and international competitors have advantages such as lower production costs
 larger marketing budgets
 greater financial and other resources and more developed and extensive distribution networks than ours. We may not be able to grow our volumes or maintains our selling prices
 whether in existing markets or as we enter new markets.


 market-place competition
 particularly among branded beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and financial targets. As a means of maintaining and expanding our distribution network
 we intend to introduce product extensions and additional brands. Lemoncocco
 our new premium non-carbonated beverage
 is an example of a new product we have introduced recently. We may not be successful in doing this
 or it may take us longer than anticipated to achieve market acceptance of these new products and brands
 if at all. Other companies may be more successful in this regard over the long term. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse effect on our existing markets
 as well as on our ability to expand the market for our products.















We compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public perception
 so our ability to continue developing new products to satisfy the changing preferences of consumers will determine our long-term success.


 products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet the changing preferences of consumers could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary and consumer preferences and loyalties change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and innovate new products to introduce to our consumers
 we may not succeed. Consumer preferences also are affected by factors other than taste
 such as health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns
 shifting consumer needs
 changes in consumer lifestyles
 increased consumer information and competitive product and pricing pressures. Sales of our products may be adversely affected by the negative publicity associated with these issues. In addition
 there may be a decreased demand for certain products as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. If we do not adequately anticipate or adjust to respond to these and other changes in consumer preferences
 we may not be able to maintain and grow our brand image and our sales may be adversely affected.




 as well as increased public scrutiny
 new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages (as described below)
 and additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing and labeling/packing of the beverage industry. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further
 increasing public concern with respect to sweetened beverages could reduce demand for our beverages and increase desire for more low-calorie soft drinks
 water
 enhanced water
 coffee-flavored beverages
 tea
 and beverages with natural sweeteners. We are continuously working to reduce calories and sugar in our Jones Cane Sugar products while launching new products like Lemoncocco
 to pair with existing brand extensions such as Jones Sugar Free that round out our diversified portfolio.

Legislative or regulatory changes that affect our products
 including new taxes
 could reduce demand for products or increase our costs. 


 state and local governments in the United States
 or other countries in which we operate could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing our beverages. Several municipalities in the United States have implemented or are considering implementing taxes on the sale of certain &#8220;sugared&#8221; beverages
 including non-diet soft drinks
 fruit drinks
 teas and flavored waters to help fund various initiatives. These taxes could materially affect our business and financial results.

Our ability to develop and commercialize CBD-infused beverages and comply with laws and regulations governing cannabis
 hemp or related products.


 2020
 approximately forty states authorized industrial hemp programs pursuant to the Farm Bill. Continued development of the industrial hemp and cannabis industries will be dependent upon new legislative authorization of industrial hemp and cannabis at the state level
 and further amendment or supplementation of legislation at the federal level. Any number of events or occurrences could slow or halt progress all together in this space. While progress within the industrial hemp and cannabis industries is currently encouraging
 growth is not assured. While there appears to be ample public support for favorable legislative action
 numerous factors may impact or negatively affect the legislative process(es) within the various states where we have business interests. Any one of these factors could slow or halt use of industrial hemp and cannabis
 which could negatively impact our business and financial results.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the manufacture
 labeling and distribution of our products is regulated by various federal
 state and local agencies. These governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings
 which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability to sell products in the future. The FDA regulates our products to ensure that the products are not adulterated or misbranded. In particular
 we would be subject to regulation by the federal government and other state and local agencies as a result of the development and commercialization of cannabidiol (CBD) products. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with different compliance in multiple jurisdictions increases the possibility that we may violate one or more of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to our business
 we may be subject to penalties
 including
 without limitation
 civil and criminal penalties
 damages
 fines
 the curtailment or restructuring of our operations
 any of which could adversely affect the ability to operate our business and its financial results.

















Our reliance on distributors
 retailers and brokers could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our products
 maintain our existing markets and expand our business into other geographic markets.


 and to establish markets in new geographic distribution areas
 is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
 retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
 including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses. The success of this network will depend on the performance of the distributors
 retailers and brokers of this network. There is a risk that the mentioned entities may not adequately perform their functions within the network by
 without limitation
 failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our products in localities that may not be receptive to our product. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell our products is affected by competition from other beverage companies who have greater resources than we do. To the extent that our distributors
 retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore
 such third-parties&#8217; financial position or market share may deteriorate
 which could adversely affect our distribution
 marketing and sales activities.


 retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors
 some of which are outside our control. Some of these factors include:


		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 retailers and brokers.





 thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market
 which will likely adversely affect our revenues and financial results.




 nor do we anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish
 long-term contractual commitments from some of our distributors. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover
 there is the additional possibility that we may have to incur additional expenditures to attract and maintain key distributors in one or more of our geographic distribution areas in order to profitably exploit our geographic markets.

If we lose any of our key distributors or national retail accounts
 our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.


 2020
 A. Lassonde Inc. (&#8220;Lassonde&#8221;)
 one of our independent distributors and our top account by revenue represented approximately 24% of revenue. We continually seek to expand and upgrade our distributor network
 DTR accounts and national retail relationships. However
 we may not be able to maintain our key distributor base. The loss of any of our key distributors (such as Lassonde) or national accounts would have a material adverse effect on our revenues
 liquidity and financial results
 could negatively impact our ability to retain our relationships with our other distributors and our ability to expand our market
 and would place increased dependence on our other independent distributors and national accounts.


















 independent distributors typically order products from us on a &#8220;just in time&#8221; basis in quantities and at such times based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly
 we cannot predict the timing or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally
 our larger distributors and national partners
 may make orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill. Shortages in inventory levels
 supply of raw materials or other key supplies could negatively affect us.

If we do not adequately manage our inventory levels
 our operating results could be adversely affected.


 particularly for new products
 seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate distributor or retailer demand for our products
 we may end up with too much inventory
 resulting in higher storage costs
 increased trade spend and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand
 we could damage our relationships with our distributors and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities
 which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and retailers is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products
 which would also unfavorably impact our sales and adversely affect our operating results.

If we fail to maintain relationships with our independent contract manufacturers
 our business could be harmed.


 and we do not anticipate bringing the manufacturing process in-house in the future. Our ability to maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is important to the success of our operations within each distribution area. Competition for contract manufacturers&#8217; business is intense
 especially in the western United States
 and this could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement manufacturers
 or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various distribution areas
 and could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our existing manufacturers. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers
 whether in existing or new geographic distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce gross profits from the sale of our products in that area. Poor relations with any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale
 which would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition. In addition
 our agreements with our contract manufacturers are terminable at any time
 and any such termination could disrupt our ability to deliver products to our customers.




 which is customary in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies. Based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the particular geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located
 we continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers to use. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements
 or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more product inventory than warranted by the actual demand for it
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements and our inventory levels may impair relationships with our independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn
 would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective relationships with those distributors and key accounts.




 aluminum cans
 labels and cardboard cartons
 aluminum closures
 flavorings
 sucrose/inverted pure cane sugar and sucralose. In addition
 certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow such contract manufacturers to increase their charges to us based on their own cost increases. These manufacturing and ingredient costs are subject to fluctuation. Substantial increases in the prices of our ingredients
 raw materials and packaging materials
 to the extent that they cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of finished beverage products
 would increase our operating costs and could reduce our profitability. If our supply of these raw materials is impaired or if prices increase significantly
 it could affect the affordability of our products and reduce sales.
















 which helps mitigate the risk of unexpected price increases
 expires at the end of 2022. The prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.


 sugar
 and other key supplies
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
 in the past there have been industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners and these shortages could occur again from time to time in the future
 which could interfere with and delay production of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.


 suppliers could fail to provide ingredients or raw materials on a timely basis
 or fail to meet our performance expectations
 for a number of reasons
 including
 for example
 disruption to the global supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 which could cause a serious disruption to our business
 increase our costs
 decrease our operating efficiencies and have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in high fuel prices
 which many shipping companies have passed on to their customers by way of higher base pricing and increased fuel surcharges. If fuel prices increase
 we expect to experience higher shipping rates and fuel surcharges
 as well as energy surcharges on our raw materials. It is hard to predict what will happen in the fuel markets in 2021 and beyond. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers.

Disruption within our supply chain
 contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 through our suppliers
 business partners
 contract manufacturers
 independent distributors and retailers
 to make
 move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire or explosion
 terrorism
 pandemics such as influenza and the COVID-19 pandemic
 labor strikes or other reasons
 could impair the manufacture
 distribution and sale of our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

We rely upon our ongoing relationships with our key flavor suppliers. If we are unable to source our flavors on acceptable terms from our key suppliers
 we could suffer disruptions in our business.


 and continually develop other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to their flavors. Although we have the exclusive rights to flavor concentrates developed with our current flavor concentrate suppliers
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors and concentrates. Consequently
 we may be unable to obtain these same flavors or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel
 our efficiency and operations would be adversely affected; in addition
 management turnover causes uncertainties and could harm our business.


 sales
 marketing and product development. We compete to hire new employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and competencies. We may not be able to provide our employees with competitive salaries
 and our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs.
















 we have experienced significant changes in our key personnel
 especially on our executive team
 and more could occur in the future. Changes to operations
 policies and procedures
 which can often occur with the appointment of new personnel
 can create uncertainty
 may negatively impact our ability to execute quickly and effectively
 and may ultimately be unsuccessful. In addition
 management transition periods are often difficult as the new employees gain detailed knowledge of our operations
 and friction can result from changes in strategy and management style. Management turnover inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge
 which can negatively affect strategy and execution. Until we integrate new personnel
 and unless they are able to succeed in their positions
 we may be unable to successfully manage and grow our business
 and our financial condition and profitability may suffer.


 to the extent we experience additional management turnover
 our operations
 financial condition and employee morale could be negatively impacted. In addition
 competition for top management is high and it may take months to find a candidate that meets our requirements. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified management personnel
 our business could suffer. Moreover
 our operations could be negatively affected if employees are quarantined as the result of exposure to a contagious illness such as COVID-19.

If we lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating Operator
 our operations could be disrupted and our business could be harmed.


 who we hired as our Chief Executive Officer in December 2020
 and on the continued services of Eric Chastain
 our Chief Operating Officer
 who was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer effective June 2014 and has been with the Company for nearly 20 years.&nbsp;If we were to lose the services of Mr. Murray or Mr. Chastain
 our ability to execute our business plan could be materially impaired. We are not aware of any facts or circumstances that suggest they might leave us.

If we fail to protect our trademarks and trade secrets
 we may be unable to successfully market our products and compete effectively.


 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success
 and we actively pursue the registration of our trademarks in the United States
 Canada and internationally. However
 the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights may not be adequate and may not prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In addition
 other parties may seek to assert infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or sell our brands
 profitably exploit our products or recoup our associated research and development costs.


 we enter into licensing agreements under which we grant our licensing partners certain rights to use our trademarks and other designs. Although our agreements require that the use of our trademarks and designs is subject to our control and approval
 any breach of these provisions
 or any other action by any of our licensing partners that is harmful to our brands
 goodwill and overall image
 could have a material adverse impact on our business.

If we encounter product recalls or other product quality issues
 our business may suffer.


 real or imagined
 or allegations of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish our image and could cause consumers to choose other products. In addition
 because of changing government regulations or implementation thereof
 or allegations of product contamination
 we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product recalls could affect our profitability and could negatively affect brand image.




 insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all product liability claims that may arise. To the extent our product liability coverage is insufficient
 a product liability claim would likely have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition. In addition
 any product liability claim brought against us may materially damage the reputation and brand image of our products and business.


















 marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production batch or &#8220;run&#8221; is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we cannot anticipate whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.




 if they become applicable to one or more of our products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations
 may inhibit sales of such products. In California
 a law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. If a component found in one of our products is added to the list
 or if the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that may become available under this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may be amended
 results in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in one of our beverages produced for sale in California
 the resulting warning requirements or adverse publicity could affect our sales.




 uncertainties and costs
 including distraction of management attention away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our employees and agents with all U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable to our business operations
 including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless
 our policies and procedures may not ensure full compliance by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties
 including substantial monetary fines
 as well as disgorgement of profits.




 contribute to our revenue and profitability
 and we believe that developing and emerging markets could present future growth opportunities for us. However
 there can be no assurance that existing or new products that we manufacture
 distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular foreign market
 due to local or global competition
 product price
 cultural differences
 consumer preferences or otherwise. There are many factors that could adversely affect demand for our products in foreign markets
 including our inability to attract and maintain key distributors in these markets; volatility in the economic growth of certain of these markets; changes in economic
 political or social conditions
 the status and renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement
 imposition of new or increased labeling
 product or production requirements
 or other legal restrictions; restrictions on the import or export of our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; inflationary currency
 devaluation or fluctuation; increased costs of doing business due to compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations. If we are unable to effectively operate or manage the risks associated with operating in international markets
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.




 changing weather patterns could have a negative impact on agricultural productivity
 which may limit availability or increase the cost of certain key ingredients such as sugar cane
 natural flavors and supplements used in our products. Also
 increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities
 the operation of our supply chain or impact demand for our products. In addition
 the increasing concern over climate change may result in more regional
 federal and global legal and regulatory requirements and could result in increased production
 transportation and raw material costs. As a result
 the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.


















 and any failure or interruption of our IT system could adversely impact our operations. In addition
 our IT is vulnerable to cyberattacks
 computer viruses
 worms and other malicious software programs
 physical and electronic break-ins
 sabotage and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology infrastructure and our operations from these IT-related and other potential disruptions. However
 given the unpredictability of the timing
 nature and scope of any such IT failures or disruptions
 we could potentially be subject to downtimes
 transactional errors
 processing inefficiencies
 operational delays
 other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products to our customers
 the compromising of confidential or personal information
 destruction or corruption of data
 security breaches
 other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks
 financial losses from remedial actions
 loss of business or potential liability
 and/or damage to our reputation
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows
 competitive position
 financial condition or results of operations.

Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter for many reasons
 including seasonality.


 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the fiscal year.


 our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of other factors including
 but not limited to:


		
			

			



 develop and expand distribution channels for current and new products
 develop favorable arrangements with third party distributors of our products and minimize or reduce issues associated with engaging new distributors and retailers
 including
 but not limited to
 transition costs and expenses and down time resulting from the initial deployment of our products in each new distributor&#8217;s network;





		
			

			



 grocery store chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores
 mass merchandisers and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time;&nbsp;





		
			

			



 develop and expand our direct-to-retail sales channels and national retail accounts
 as well as our &#8220;myJones&#8221;&nbsp;business;





		
			

			



 promotion allowances and slotting fees
 promotion and selling activities
 and capital expansion
 and our ability to sustain profitability;





		
			

			



 well-funded and established companies currently operating in the beverage industry
 as we introduce new competitive products
 such as Lemoncocco and our fountain products; and





		
			

			


			





 our results of operations have fluctuated from period to period and may continue to do so in the future
 which could cause our operating results in a particular quarter to fail to meet market expectations.

Our business and periodic financial results can be affected by currency rate fluctuations
 because a significant percentage of our business is in Canada.


 for which we receive revenues in the Canadian dollar. In addition
 a significant percentage of our costs of goods are denominated in the Canadian dollar
 due to our co-packing facility in Canada. Because of this we are affected by changes in U.S. exchange rates with the Canadian dollar.
















 certain financial information is required to be translated from the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar. The translation of our Canadian revenues
 cash and other assets is adversely affected when the United States dollar strengthens against the Canadian dollar and is positively affected when the U.S. dollar weakens. Similarly
 translation of our Canadian expenses and liabilities is positively affected when the U.S. dollar strengthens against the Canadian dollar and adversely affected when the U.S. dollar weakens. This exposure to foreign currency risk could significantly affect our revenues and profitability from our Canadian operations and could result in significant fluctuations to our periodic income statements and consolidated balance sheets.


 the U.S. dollar&#8217;s strength fluctuated significantly in comparison to the Canadian dollar. As of March 11
 2021
 the Canadian dollar exchange rate for one U.S. dollar was equal to $0.80 (compared to $0.78 as of December 31
 2020 and $0.77 as of December 31
 2019). We cannot predict future changes in these exchange rates. We do not engage in foreign currency hedging transactions.






		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 including write-offs of acquired intangibles and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions;





		
			

			



 tax holidays
 and tax deductions;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





 the President signed into law legislation that significantly revised the Internal Revenue Code. In addition
 on March 27
 2020 the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the &#8220;CARES Act&#8221;) was signed into law.&nbsp; The December 2017 law
 as modified by the CARES Act
 among other things
 contained significant changes to corporate taxation
 including reduction of the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat rate of 21% beginning in 2018
 limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30% of adjusted earnings
 limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to 80% of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks for tax years beginning in 2021
 one time taxation of offshore earnings at reduced rates regardless of whether they are repatriated
 immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation expense over time
 and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits (including reducing the business tax credit for certain clinical testing expenses incurred in the testing of certain drugs for rare diseases or conditions). Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate
 the overall impact of the new federal tax laws remain uncertain and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition
 it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the newly enacted federal tax laws. The impact of this tax reform on holders of our common stock is also uncertain and could be adverse. We urge shareholders to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to this legislation and the potential tax consequences of investing in or holding our common stock.

Global economic
 political
 social and other conditions
 including the COVID-19 pandemic
 may continue to adversely impact our business and results of operations.


 and particularly those companies selling premium beverages like us
 can be affected by macro-economic factors
 including changes in national
 regional
 and local economic conditions
 unemployment levels and consumer spending patterns
 which together may impact the willingness of consumers to purchase our products as they adjust their discretionary spending. Adverse economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our distributors to obtain the credit necessary to fund their working capital needs
 which could negatively impact their ability or desire to continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they have done in the past. If we experience similar adverse economic conditions in the future
 sales of our products could be adversely affected
 collectability of accounts receivable may be compromised and we may face obsolescence issues with our inventory
 any of which could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
















 while the extent of the impact on our business and financial condition is unknown at this time
 we may be negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to address and limit the spread of COVID-19
 such as travel restrictions
 event cancellations
 and limitations affecting the supply of labor and the movement of raw materials and finished products. If available manufacturing capacity is reduced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 it could negatively affect the timely supply
 pricing and availability of finished products. Moreover
 we will also be negatively impacted by current and future closures of restaurants
 independent accounts
 convenience chains
 and retail store chains resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The current closures of restaurants and independent accounts will negatively affect our revenues and cash flows with respect to our fountain business
 which comprised approximately 5% and 9% of our revenues in 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Although retail locations and restaurants have begun to reopen following the closures imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 such establishments are required to comply with certain COVID-19 protocols and their future prospects remain unknown at this time; any decrease in business at these types of locations would adversely impact our business and financial condition.

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions
 estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results.


 implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business
 such as
 but not limited to
 stock-based compensation
 trade spend and promotions
 and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions
 estimates and judgments by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions
 estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported results.

If we are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
 our stock price and investor confidence could be materially and adversely affected.


 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated
 can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results
 which could also negatively impact our stock price and investor confidence.




 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;)
 pursuant to the terms of a note purchase agreement. In accordance with such note purchase agreement
 we agreed not to take certain actions without the approval of holders of not less than a majority-in-interest of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes (the &#8220;Required Holders&#8221;) while such Convertible Notes remain outstanding. Such actions include (a) liquidating
 dissolving or winding up the affairs of the company; (b) purchasing or redeeming or paying any cash dividend on any of our capital stock; (c) effecting a material acquisition by us
 unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors and each of the MHP Directors (as defined in the note purchase agreement); (d) increasing the size of the Board of Directors; (e) increasing our equity incentive plan by more than 10% of the amount reserved for the prior fiscal year without the approval of the Board of Directors and each of the MHP Directors (as defined in the note purchase agreement); (f) entering into any transaction with any affiliate
 officer
 director
 employee or holder of more than five percent (5%) of our capital stock
 calculated on a fully diluted basis; or (g) terminating
 or allowing to be terminated or suspended
 the listing of the shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes on the trading market. If requested by us
 the Required Holders may elect not to allow us to take these actions. In the event that we are unable to take these actions
 the interests of the company and our shareholders may be materially and adversely affected.




 2019 in connection with our financing with Heavenly Rx
 we entered into an investor rights agreement in which we agreed not to take the actions without the approval of the members of our board of directors designated by Heavenly Rx (the &#8220;Investor Designees&#8221;) for so long as any Investor Designee serves on our board of directors. Such actions include (a) amending
 altering
 repealing or waiving any provision of or articles of incorporation or bylaws or similar governance documents of our subsidiaries; (b) offering or selling any securities (with certain exceptions); (c) creating
 or authorizing the creation of
 or issuing
 authorizing the issuance of or changing the terms of any debt security
 creating any lien or security interest or incurring debt
 or permitting any subsidiary to do the same (with certain exceptions); (d) effecting
 authorizing or consenting to any change of control transaction; (e) changing our strategy or principal lines of business or any of our subsidiaries; (f) liquidating or dissolving or acquiescing in the filing of a petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding; (g) committing to or making any expenditures in excess of $1
000
000 in one or a series of transactions; or (h) committing to do any of the foregoing. If requested by us
 the Investor Designees may elect not to allow us to take these actions. In the event that we are unable to take these actions
 our interests and those of our shareholders may be materially and adversely affected.

















The price of our common stock may be volatile
 and a shareholder


 and this volatility may continue in the future. In addition
 factors such as quarterly variations in our operating results
 litigation involving us
 general trends relating to the beverage industry
 actions by governmental agencies
 national economic and stock market considerations as well as other events and circumstances beyond our control
 including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
 could have a significant impact on the future market price of our common stock and the relative volatility of such market price.


 we may be forced to allocate funds from other planned uses
 which may negatively impact our business and operations
 including our ability to develop new products and continue our current operations.




 during the first half of 2018
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of our Convertible Notes to certain institutional and individual accredited investors
 including our chief executive officer. The Convertible Notes have a four-year term from the date of issuance and bear interest at 6% per annum until maturity. The holders can convert the Convertible Notes at any time during the term into a number of shares of our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of the unpaid principal and interest on the Convertible Note by (ii) $0.32 (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;). As of December 31
 2020
 Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $1.4 million and related accrued interest were converted into 4
868
079 shares of common stock in accordance with the original terms of the Convertible Notes. The Conversion Price is subject to broad based
 weighted average antidilution protection in the event that we issue shares of capital stock or equity equivalents at a price that is less than $0.32 per shares prior to the conversion of the Convertible Notes. Conversion of the Convertible Notes to common stock at any time between their issuance and maturity could be substantially dilutive to our shareholders.


 2020
 Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $650
000 and related accrued interest were converted into 2
385
058 shares of common stock in accordance with the original terms of the Convertible Notes.




 we may issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities. The issuance of these securities could dilute our shareholders&#8217; ownership in our company and may include terms that give new investors rights that are superior to those of our current shareholders. Moreover
 any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our common stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on our shareholders&#8217; ownership interest
 which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB Marketplace
 which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity.


 the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq system
or qualitative standards that a company must meet to be listed on the OTCQB. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and trading in our common stock may be subject to abuses
 volatility and shorting
 which may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing an investment is suitable for that customer when recommending an investment to a customer. FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for some customers and may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may result in a limited ability to buy and sell our stock. We currently do not meet applicable listing standards of a market senior to the OTC and we may never apply or qualify for future listing on Nasdaq or a senior market.















We do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the near future
 so our shareholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell their shares.


 and if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless we pay dividends
 our shareholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell such shares.

provisions in our charter documents and under Washington law could make an acquisition of us
 which may be beneficial to our shareholders
 difficult and prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management.


 limitations on the ability of shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders and advance notice procedures with respect to the nomination of candidates for election as directors. In addition
 because we are incorporated in Washington
 we are governed by the provisions of Chapter&nbsp;23B.19 of the Washington Business Corporation Act
 which
 among other things
 restricts the ability of shareholders owning 10% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors
 they would apply even if an offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders. In addition
 these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management by making it difficult for shareholders to replace members of our board of directors
 which is responsible for appointing the members of our management.

protections provided under Washington law with respect to Heavenly Rx
 which could make it easier for Heavenly Rx to acquire us.


 certain provisions of Washington law restrict the ability of shareholders owning 10% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us. In connection with our strategic financing with Heavenly Rx
 effective as of July 11
 2019
 our board of directors approved
 solely for purposes of RCW 23B.19.040(1)(a)(ii)
 any future purchase of shares of our common stock by Heavenly Rx which results in Heavenly Rx becoming an &#8220;acquiring person&#8221; as defined in RCW 23B.19.020(1) (defined as beneficially owning in the aggregate total outstanding shares of common stock comprising 10% or more of the voting power of the company). As a result
 Heavenly Rx has the ability to acquire shares of our common stock in the future without being subject to the anti-takeover restrictions provided by Washington law. Subject to the standstill agreement entered into by Heavenly Rx in connection with our strategic financing
 which imposes certain restrictions on the ability of Heavenly Rx to acquire any of our securities until July 11
 2021
 this prior board approval could enable Heavenly Rx to purchase additional shares of our common stock without being required to seek approval from our board of directors
 which could limit the board&#8217;s ability to negotiate the business terms with Heavenly Rx and adversely impact our ability to receive higher bids from other acquirers and obtain the best price for the shareholders.








500 square feet of retail/office space in Seattle
 Washington for our principal executive and administrative offices. The initial term of the lease was five years; in February 2020
 we amended the lease to extend the term through February 28
 2025. We believe this retail/office space shall be sufficient for our purposes for the foreseeable future.






 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or liquidity.

















S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.








 2021
 there were 64
360
806 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 held by approximately 226 holders of record
 although there are a much larger number of beneficial owners. The last reported sale price per share on March 8
 2021 was $ 0.53.

















The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties
 such as statements of our plans
 objectives
10-K
 our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could contribute to such differences include those discussed at the beginning of this Report
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which apply only as of the date of this Report. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect new information
 events or circumstances after the date of this Report
 or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Report.




 produce
 market and distribute premium beverages that we sell and distribute primarily in North America through our network of independent distributors and directly to our national and regional retail accounts. We also sell products in select international markets. Our products are sold primarily in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 on fountain in restaurants
 &#8220;up and down the street&#8221; in independent accounts such as delicatessens
 sandwich shops and burger restaurants
 as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. We refer to our network of independent distributors as our direct store delivery (&#8220;DSD&#8221;) channel
 and we refer to our national and regional accounts who receive shipments directly from us as our direct to retail (&#8220;DTR&#8221;) channel. We do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party contract manufacturers. We also sell various products online
 including soda with customized labels
 wearables
 candy and other items
 and we license our trademarks for use on products sold by other manufacturers.






		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





 we intend to pursue the development of new extensions to Jones products
 including the potential commercialization of cannabidiol (CBD)-infused beverages.



Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019




 2020
 revenue was approximately $11.9 million
 an increase of $387
000
 or 3.4%
 from approximately $11.5 million in revenue for the year ended December 31
 2019. This increase was primarily a result of increased DSD and DTR core bottled soda sales in the United States and Canada. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 promotion allowances and slotting fees
 which offset revenue
 totaled approximately $1.6 million
 a decrease of approximately $114
000
 or 6.5%
 from approximately $1.7 million in 2019.


 the percentage of our revenues generated in Canada was 28% and 24%
 respectively.





			
			

31


			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


















 2020
 gross profit increased by $296
000
 or 12.4%
 to approximately $2.7 million compared to approximately $2.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2019
 driven primarily by higher revenue during the year ended December 31
 2020 as compared to the year ended December 31
 2019 and more effective management over promotional allowance and slotting fees. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 gross margin increased to 22.5% from 20.7% for the year ended December 31
 2019
 due primarily to the decrease in trade spend and promotional allowances for the year ended December 31
 2020 in comparison to the year ended December 31
 2019.




 2020 were approximately $2.6 million
 an increase of $132
000
 or 5.4%
 from approximately $2.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. Selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 21.7% for the year ended December 31
 2020 from 21.3% in 2019. This increase was primarily a result of increased social and digital marketing expenditures incurred during the year in an effort to expand customer engagement. We will continue to balance selling and marketing expenses with our working capital resources.




 2020 were approximately $2.9 million
 an increase of $640
000
 or 28%
 compared to approximately $2.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase in insurance premiums
 board fees
 and consulting expenses. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 24.6% for the year ended December 31
 2020 from 19.9% in 2019. We will continue to balance general and administrative expenses with our working capital resources.




000 of interest expense for the year ended December 31
 2020 compared to $442
000 for the year ended December 31
 2019. This decrease was related to the conversion of Convertible Notes that occurred during the year ended December 31
 2019 that resulted in a higher amortization of the discount associated with the beneficial conversion feature on the Convertible Notes. Additionally
 this decrease was also due to interest we paid on our line of credit balance in 2019
 which we were not required to pay in 2020. Specifically
 we allowed our line of credit to expire according to its terms in December 2019 and thus no interest was owed on the line of credit during the year ended December 31
 2020. The interest expense incurred during the year ended December 31
 2020 was non-cash and primarily related to the amortization of the discount associated with the beneficial conversion feature on the Convertible Notes
 along with the amortization of associated closing costs and interest related to the Convertible Notes. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 cash paid for interest was $0 and $45
000
 respectively
 and was primarily related to our line of credit
 which expired by its terms in December 2019.




000 of interest income for the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to $50
000 for the year ended December 31
 2019. We experienced an increase in cash during July 2019 resulting from financing activities
 the proceeds of which were deposited in an interest-bearing money market account and earned $50
000 of interest during 2019. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the interest rates associated with this money market account decreased significantly
 resulting in $24
000 of interest income for the year ended December 31
 2020.




000 for the year ended December 31
 2020 compared to $29
000 for 2019
 primarily related to the tax provision on income from our Canadian operations. We have not recorded any tax benefit for the loss in our U.S.&nbsp;operations as we have recorded a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets. We expect to continue to record a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets until we sustain an appropriate level of taxable income through improved U.S.&nbsp;operations. Our effective tax rate is based on recurring factors
 including the forecasted mix of income before taxes in various jurisdictions
 estimated permanent differences and the recording of a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets.




 2020 increased to approximately $3.0 million from a net loss of $2.8 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. The increase in net loss was primarily due to the increased general and administrative expenses incurred during the year ended December 31
 2020
 as described above
 in comparison to the year ended December 31
 2019.


















 2020 and 2019
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately $4.6 million and $6.0 million
 respectively
 and working capital of approximately $5.8 million and $8.4 million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years 2020 and 2019 totaled approximately $1.5 million and $3.3 million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations decreased primarily due to the timing of receivables and payables. Our cash flows vary throughout the year based on seasonality.


 2020
 net cash provided by financing activities totaled approximately $329
000 due to the loan proceeds of approximately $335
000 under the Paycheck Protection Program
 established as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 net cash provided by financing activities totaled approximately $8.4 million as a result of the proceeds from our July 2019 private placement whereby we sold certain securities to Heavenly Rx for an aggregate purchase price of $9
000
000 in cash. We incurred a net loss of approximately $3.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2020 compared to a net loss of approximately $2.8 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. Our accumulated deficit increased to $70.0 million as of December 31
 2020 compared to an accumulated deficit of $67.0 million as of December 31
 2019.


 finance operations
 and indicates substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs. Therefore
 currently
 based upon our near-term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
 is not sufficient to enable us to fund operations for 12 months from the date the financial statements included in this Report are issued. These conditions raise doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue operations is dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on our ability to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. The consolidated financial statements included in this Report do not give effect to any adjustments which will be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


 we received $0 and $28
000
 respectively
 from the cash exercise of stock options. From time to time
 we may receive additional cash through the exercise of stock options or stock warrants. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all
 of any of the outstanding stock options or warrants.


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for available debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative that we meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our operating plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. In addition
 the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain market conditions may limit our ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for certain products
 and may negatively impact our supply chain. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Moreover
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of our company and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible when needed.




 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result
 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the fiscal year.






















 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.&nbsp;The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis
 we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions
 or if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. Many of our estimates or judgments are based on anticipated future events or performance
 and as such are forward-looking in nature
 and are subject to many risks and uncertainties
 including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this discussion to reflect any future events or circumstances.


 and there may be other accounting policies that are significant to us. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and our other accounting policies
 see Note&nbsp;1 to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Report.




 




 which are manufactured and procured based on our sales forecasts. We value inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory
 on a first in-first out basis. These valuations are subject to customer acceptance
 planned and actual product changes
 demand for the particular products
 and our estimates of future realizable values based on these forecasted demands. We regularly review inventory detail to determine whether a write-down is necessary. We consider various factors in making this determination
 including recent sales history and predicted trends
 industry market conditions and general economic conditions. The amount and timing of write-downs for any period could change if we make different judgments or use different estimates. We also determine whether a provision for obsolete or excess inventory is required on products that are over 12&nbsp;months from production date or any changes related to market conditions
 slow-moving inventory or obsolete products.




 we run trade spend and promotional programs with distributors and retailers to help promote on- shelf discounts to our consumers. Additionally
 in more limited instances
 we enter into customer marketing agreements or various other slotting arrangements. The provisions for discounts
 slotting fees and promotion allowances is recorded as an offset to revenue and shown net on the consolidated statement of operations. Estimates are made to accrue for amounts that have not yet been invoiced in the month that the program occurs
 or in the case of slotting
 when the commitment is made.






















		
			

			


		

Report of BDO USA LLP
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


			


		

			

			

		

Consolidated balance sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019


			


		

Consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019


			


		

Consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


			


		

Consolidated statements of shareholders&#8217;&nbsp;equity (deficit) for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019


			


		

Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 20219


			


		

			


			



















 Washington




 2020 and 2019
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive loss
 shareholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has negative cash flows from operating activities that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




 the Company has changed its method for accounting for leases during the year ended December 31
 2019 due to the adoption of Topic 842:&nbsp;






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.




 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
 providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.




 the Company&#8217;s revenue is recorded net of promotional allowances which includes discounts
 slotting fees
 and other allowances offered to customers. The recognition of these promotional allowances requires the Company to make estimates regarding the volume of sales
 cost of the promotional allowances
 and amount of the promotional allowances that are expected to be redeemed. These estimates are made using various information including historical and forecasted data.


 management&#8217;s estimates include (i) determining the completeness of the various promotional allowances with customers and the forecasted sales volume for the period
 and (ii) assessing the amount of promotional allowances that are expected to be redeemed subsequent to period end. Auditing of this estimate involved especially challenging auditor judgment and additional audit effort due to the varying terms of the promotional allowances and the uncertainty of the timing and utilization of the promotional allowances.



		
			

			



 and (ii) testing a sample of transactions with historical promotional offer redemptions.





		
			

			



 (ii) comparing the estimate to the revenue for the current period and current promotional offer redemptions to historical estimates
 and (iii) comparing to actual promotional allowances applied subsequent to year end to the promotional allowance estimated as of year end.





 LLP




 Washington

 2021



















			
			

December 31
 2020

			
			

December 31
 2019

			



			

			

(In thousands
 except share data)

			


			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of allowance of $93 and $44

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of accumulated depreciation of $554 and $484

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 current portion

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of current portion

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of current portion

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 no par value:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




000
000; issued and outstanding shares &#8212; 61
975
748 shares and 61
566
076 shares
 respectively

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
























			
			

Year Ended December 31


			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

(In thousands
 except share data)

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

792

			
			
			

109

			
























			
			

Year Ended December 31


			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




















31
 2020 and 2019 




			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			


			
			

(In thousands
 except share data)

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			

464

			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

868

			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 net of offering costs of $183

			
			

000

			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2019

			
			

566

			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2020

			
			

975

			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
























			
			

Year Ended December 31


			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of proceeds

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 beginning of period

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 end of period

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



















Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019






 produces
 markets and distributes premium beverages which it sells and distributes primarily in the United States and Canada through its network of independent distributors and directly to its national and regional retail accounts.


 Jones Soda Co. (USA) Inc. and Jones Soda (Canada) Inc. (Subsidiaries).








 2020 and 2019
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately $4.6 million and $6.0 million
 respectively
 and working capital of approximately $5.8 million and $8.4 million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years 2020 and 2019 totaled approximately $1.5 million and $3.3 million
 respectively.


 finance operations
 and indicates substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs. Therefore
 currently
 based upon our near-term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
 is not sufficient to enable us to fund operations for 12 months from the date the financial statements included in this Report are issued. These conditions raise doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue operations is dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on our ability to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. The consolidated financial statements included in this Report do not give effect to any adjustments which will be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. In addition
 the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain market conditions may limit our ability to access capital
 may reduce demand for certain products
 and may negatively impact our supply chain. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Moreover
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in our best interest and in the best interest of our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern
 which contemplates that we will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize assets and settle liability commitments in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that could result should we be unable to continue as a going concern within one year after the date these consolidated financials were issued.


















 but are not limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies
 and forecasts supporting the going concern assumption and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.








 Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 and Level 3 includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available
 including our own data.


 receivables
 and payables approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. During the first half of 2018
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;). The fair value remaining of Convertible Notes outstanding was approximately $1
483
000 and $1
437
000 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The fair value of Convertible Notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates
 which represent level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy.




 are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Allowances for doubtful accounts of approximately $93
000 and $44
000 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 are netted against accounts receivable. Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products
 the timing of when control of products is transferred to distributors and the timing of cash collections.






			
			

			

			
			

			

			




 beginning of year

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 end of year

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2020
 one customer made up 18% of our outstanding accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2019
 two customers made up 26% of our outstanding accounts receivable.


















000 and $9
000 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.









			

			

			




			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			







 which include fixed assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Long-lived assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows when evaluating for impairment. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.




 net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Net transaction gains were $22
000 and $4
000 for 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




 
 (&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;). The core principle of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods and services transferred to the customer. The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle:








 Segment information
 for information on revenue disaggregated by geographic area.


 the Company has elected the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14(a) to not disclose information about its remaining performance obligations.
















 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company&#8217;s contracts have a single performance obligation (delivery of product). The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product
 subject to adjustment as described below. Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue
 and totaled $70
000 and $71
000 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Sales tax and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue.


 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances in the same period that the revenue is recognized for product sales to customers.&nbsp;These estimates are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require management judgement with respect to estimating customer participation and performance levels. Differences between estimated expense and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.&nbsp;The amount of revenue recognized represents the amount that will not be subject to a significant future reversal of revenue. The liability for promotional allowances is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts paid for slotting fees are recorded as prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the corresponding term. For the years ended&nbsp;December 31
 2020&nbsp;and&nbsp;2019
 our revenue was reduced by&nbsp;approximately $1.6 million and $1.7 million
 respectively
 for slotting fees and promotion allowances.


 and in such situations we would have variable consideration. To date
 returns have not been material.&nbsp;The Company&#8217;s customers generally pay within 30 days from the receipt of a valid invoice. The Company offers prompt pay discounts of up to 2% to certain customers typically for payments made within 15 days. Prompt pay discounts are estimated in the period of sale based on experience with sales to eligible customers. Early pay discounts are recorded as a deduction to the accounts receivable balance presented on the consolidated balance sheets.




 which also include promotions and sponsorships
 are expensed as incurred. During the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we incurred advertising costs of $557
000 and $518
000
 respectively.




 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary based on whether they are more likely than not to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31
 2020 or 2019.




 outstanding stock options amounting to 3
589
783 and 3
495
601
 shares issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes of 5
372
440 and 5
095
308
 unvested restricted stock units of zero and 149
824
 and stock warrants of zero and 15
000
000 at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 were anti-dilutive.




 as the historical earnings from our Canadian subsidiary is considered to be indefinitely reinvested.


















 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result
 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the fiscal year.








 2020
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU 2020-06
 &#8220;Debt-Debt with Conversion and other options&#8221; which simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2023
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact ASU 2020-06 could have on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
(&#8220;ASU 2016-13&#8221;)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information
 current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU is effective for us in the first quarter of 2023 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on our consolidated financial statements.












			
			

December 31
 2020

			
			

December 31
 2019

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 as well as promotional merchandise held for sale. Raw materials primarily include ingredients
 concentrate and packaging.











			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			














			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
























 2018
 and April 18
 2018
 we issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &#8220;Convertible&nbsp;Notes&#8221;) to institutional investors and&nbsp;our management team
 and other individual&nbsp;investors.


 2022
 and April 18
 2022. The holders can convert the Convertible Notes at any time into&nbsp;the number of shares of&nbsp;our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of the unpaid principal and interest on such Convertible Note by (ii) $0.32 (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;). The Conversion Price is subject to anti-dilution adjustment on a broad-based
 weighted average basis if we issue shares or equity-linked instruments at a conversion price below $0.32 per share. No payments of principal or interest are due until the maturity.


 which is defined as amounts due in connection with our&nbsp;indebtedness for borrowed money to banks
 commercial finance lenders
 or other lending institutions regularly engaged in the business of lending money
 with certain restrictions.


 no Convertible Notes were converted. During 2019
 Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $1.4 million and related accrued interest were converted into 4
868
079 shares of common stock in accordance with the original terms of the Convertible Notes. As a result
 the carrying amount of the converted principal amount of such Convertible Notes
 along with the converted accrued interest
 in an aggregate amount of $1
558
000
 was credited to common stock and unamortized discounts in an amount equal to $262
000 were recognized as interest expense during 2019. There were additional conversions of the Convertible Notes subsequent to December 31
 2020. See Note 13 below.


 2018
 closing date for the issuance of the Convertible Notes was $0.36 per share
 therefore
 the Convertible Notes contained a beneficial conversion feature with an aggregate intrinsic value of $350
000. The fair value of our common stock on the April 18
 2018
 closing date for the issuance of the Convertible Notes was $0.30 per share
 which did not result in an additional beneficial conversion feature. The resulting debt discount for the Convertible Notes issued on March 23
 2018 is presented as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Convertible Notes and was recorded with an increase to additional paid-in capital. The discount along with the related closing costs amounting to $137
000 are amortized through interest expense over the term of the Convertible Notes. The balance of notes payable is presented net of unamortized discounts amounting to $88
000 and $141
000 at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The principal balance of notes payable to related parties amounted to $120
000 at December 31
 2020 and 2019.







			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			


			










500 square feet of retail/office space in Seattle
 Washington for our principal executive and administrative offices. The initial term of the lease was five years; in February 2020
 we amended the lease to extend the term through February 28
 2025. As a result of the lease amendment
 we recognized a lease liability and right-of-use asset of $556
000 which represents the remaining lease payments discounted at a rate of 4%. As of December 31
 2020
 this lease had a remaining lease term of 4.17 years.


 2020 and 2019
 we incurred rental expenses of $162
000 and $133
000 respectively. During the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we made cash payments of $158
000 and $139
000
 respectively.
















 the annual payments excluding management fees and other operations expenses will be as follows (in thousands):





			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			





 2019
 the Company adopted Topic 842: 
 which requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than twelve months on its balance sheets.&nbsp; Upon adoption
 the Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset of $124
000 and $116
000
 respectively
 on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1
 2019. The adoption of ASC Topic 842 did not have a material impact on either the consolidated statement of operations or consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019.






 the number of shares authorized under the Plan may be increased each January 1st by an amount equal to the least of (a) 1
300
000 shares
 (b) 4.0% of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors (the Board)
 provided that the number of shares that may be granted pursuant to awards in a single year may not exceed 10% of our outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year. Effective January 1
 2021
 the total number of shares of common stock authorized under the Plan was 12
084
032 shares.


 the Board may grant awards to employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors. Awards may consist of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock
 stock units
 performance awards or other stock or cash-based awards. Stock options are granted at the closing price of our stock on the date of grant
 and generally have a ten-year term and vest over a period of 48 months with the first 25.0% cliff vesting one year from the grant date and monthly thereafter. As of December 31
 2020
 there were 6
972
192 shares of unissued common stock authorized and available for future awards under the Plan.




			

			
			









			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			




 2020

			
			

495

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

329

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

235

			
			
			
			
			




 2020

			
			

589

			
			
			
			
			




 December 31
 2020

			
			

544

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

310

			
			
			
			
			





 2020:




			
			

			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			



			

			
			

310

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

264

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			

589

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

544

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





















			

			
			





 2019
 equity compensation for non-employee director service consisted of an annual restricted stock unit award that vested over one year
 with the number of shares underlying such award being determined by dividing $15
000 by the closing share price on the date of grant (which was the first business day in January in each calendar year); when joining the Board each non-employee director received an initial restricted stock unit award that vested over one year
 the number of shares underlying such award being determined by dividing $15
000 by the Company&#8217;s closing stock price on the date of grant (which was the first trading day following the date on which such director was appointed)
 prorated based on the date on which such director was appointed.






			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			




 2020

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2020

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





928 shares as payment for withholding taxes due in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards during the period ending December 31
 2020
 and the average price paid per share of $0.31 reflects the average market value per share of the shares withheld for tax purposes.


 2020
 equity compensation for non-employee director service consists of the grant of an annual non-qualified stock option award that vests on the first anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director&#8217;s continuing service as of such anniversary date)
 with the number of shares underlying such award determined by dividing $25
000 by the closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant (which shall be the first trading day in January in each calendar year)
 and such stock option award shall have an exercise price equal to our closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant. When joining our board of directors
 each non-employee director shall be granted a non-qualified stock option award that vests on the first anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director&#8217;s continuing service as of such anniversary date)
 with the number of shares underlying such award determined by dividing $25
000 by our closing stock price on the first trading day following the date on which such director is appointed)
 prorated based on the date on which such director is appointed
 and which stock option shall be granted as of the first trading day following the date on which such director was appointed
 and shall have an exercise price equal to our closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant.




			

			
			





 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management
 additional adjustments to stock-based compensation expense may be required in future periods.


 2020
 we had unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options and non-vested stock of $76
000 to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.8&nbsp;years.






			
			

Year Ended December 31


			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



















 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the simplified method to estimate the expected term of &#8220;plain vanilla&#8221; options:




			
			

 December 31


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2020
 no material modifications were made to outstanding stock options.


 2020 and 2019 was $51
000 and $9
000
 respectively and for options exercisable was $20
000 and $6
000
 respectively. The intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options is calculated as the quoted market price of the stock at the balance sheet date less the exercise price of the option. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was zero and $21
000
 respectively. During the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were zero and&nbsp;70
445 options exercised
 respectively.&nbsp;The Company&#8217;s policy is to issue new shares upon exercise of options.




			

			
			





 2019
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with Heavenly Rx Ltd. (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;) pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investor in a private placement (the &#8220;Financing&#8221;): (a) 15
000
000 shares (the &#8220;Shares&#8221;) of common stock and (b) a warrant to purchase up to an additional 15
000
000 shares of common stock (the &#8220;Warrant&#8221;). The aggregate purchase price for the Shares and the Warrant was $9
000
000 in cash
 which was paid to the Company at the closing of the purchase and sale on July 11
 2019
 and is presented net of offering costs of $183
000. The Company continues to use the proceeds for general working capital and other purposes
 including sales and marketing
 product development and capital expenditures for its legacy business and new business initiatives. The Warrant expired on July 11
 2020 in accordance with its terms.


782
000. The relative fair value of the net proceeds allocated to the Warrant was estimated to be $2
035
000 as determined based on the relative fair value allocation of the proceeds received. The Warrant was valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following variables: market price of common stock - $0.517 per share; estimated volatility &#8211; 108.21%; 1-year risk free interest rate &#8211; 1.97%; expected dividend rate - 0% and expected life - 1 year.




			

			
			





 2020
 the Board of Directors of&nbsp; the Company&nbsp;approved a Services and Endorsement Agreement (the &#8220;Services Agreement&#8221;) with Tony Hawk
 Inc. (&#8220;THI&#8221;) pursuant to which Tony Hawk (&#8220;Hawk&#8221;) shall provide certain marketing services on behalf of the Company.&nbsp; The Services Agreement has a term commencing as of June 1
 2020 and terminating as of January 31
 2021.&nbsp; Pursuant to the Services Agreement
 the Company agreed to issue to THI that number of shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock as is valued at an aggregate of $25
000 as of the date of issuance
 and to issue to The Skatepark Project (&#8220;TSP&#8221;)
 an affiliate of Hawk
 that number of shares of Common Stock as is valued at an aggregate of $25
000 as of the date of issuance. This issuance resulted in&nbsp;138
888 shares to THI and 138
888 shares to&nbsp;TSP
 for a total issuance of 277
776 shares.&nbsp;







 we are not required to make and have not made any contributions to the 401(k) plan during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.









 2020
 we continue to have commitments to various suppliers of raw materials (primarily sugar and glass). Purchase obligations under these commitments are expected to total $367
000 in 2021
 with no current commitments thereafter.


















 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or liquidity.











			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of federal benefit

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			










			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2020 and December 31
 2019
 the valuation allowance increased by $530
000 and $592
000
 respectively.
















 but we reasonably expect to continue to record a full valuation allowance on future U.S tax benefits until we sustain an appropriate level of taxable income through improved U.S. operations and tax planning strategies.


 2020
 we had net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes in the United States of $57.5 million which expire at various times commencing 2021. We also had net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes in the United States of $7.6 million that may be carried forward indefinitely. Net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to certain limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code.


 2020 and 2019.


 generally. The net operating losses for prior years are subject to adjustment under examination to the extent they remain unutilized in an open year.


 2020 the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the &#8220;CARES Act&#8221;) was signed into law. There was no financial statement impact related to the CARES Act for the year ended December 31
 2020.











			
			

Year Ended December 31


			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2020
 one of our customers represented approximately 24% of our revenues and during the year ended December 31
 2019 three of our customers represented approximately 43% of revenues.







 2020
 we received loan proceeds of $334
500 (the &#8220;PPP Loan&#8221;) under the Paycheck Protection Program (&#8220;PPP&#8221;). The PPP
 established as part of the CARES Act
 provided for loans to qualifying companies in amounts up to 2.5 times their average monthly payroll expenses. Our PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note
 dated as of April 24
 2020 (the &#8220;Note&#8221;)
 between us and HomeStreet Bank (the &#8220;Lender&#8221;). The Note has a two-year term and bears interest at the rate of 1.0% per annum. No payments of principal or interest are due during the 10-month period beginning on the date of the Note (the &#8220;Deferral Period&#8221;). Furthermore
 we&nbsp;received an extension of the first principal and interest payment date to 10 months after the last day of the Deferral Period. The initial principal and interest payments are now due on August 1
 2021.


 the principal and accrued interest under the Note is forgivable after 24 weeks if we use the PPP Loan proceeds for eligible purposes
 including payroll
 benefits
 rent and utilities
 and otherwise comply with PPP requirements. We must repay any unforgiven principal amount of the Note
 with interest
 on a monthly basis following the Deferral Period. We&nbsp;intend to pursue forgiveness
 although actions taken by us in connection with our previously disclosed restructuring or otherwise could cause some or all of the PPP Loan to be ineligible for forgiveness. To the extent not forgiven
 we will begin to pay principal and interest payments of approximately $19
000 every month following the Deferral Period. The PPP Loan will be derecognized upon confirmation of forgiveness
 or upon repayment of the PPP Loan in accordance with its terms.
















 the CARES Act
 among other things
 includes provisions related to refundable payroll tax credits
 deferment of employer side social security payments
 net operating loss carryback periods
 alternative minimum tax credit refunds
 modifications to the net interest deduction limitations
 increased limitations on qualified charitable contributions
 and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property. We continue to examine the impacts and benefits that the CARES Act may have on our business.







 2020
 Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $650
000 and related accrued interest were converted into 2
385
058 shares of common stock in accordance with the original terms of the Convertible Notes.






			

			
			









			

			
			







 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)) that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and&nbsp; Principal Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and&nbsp;Principal Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness and design of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule&nbsp;13a-15(b) as of December 31
 2020. Based on that evaluation
 the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2020.




 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management authorization; and (iv)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated can provide only reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. In addition
 the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions.


 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and&nbsp;Principal Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020
 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the COSO framework
 management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2020.
















 2020 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


 management&#8217;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the permanent exemption from Section&nbsp;404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for non-accelerated filers.






			

			
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.





 and that information is incorporated by reference herein.


 Item 10
 will be included in our proxy statement relating to our 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (our &#8220;2021 Proxy Statement&#8221;)
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#8220;Nominees
&#8221; &#8220;Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
&#8221; &#8220;Board Meetings and Committees
&#8221; &#8220;Audit Committee
&#8221; &#8220;Director Nomination Process
&#8221; and &#8220;Executive Officers.&#8221; Our 2021 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days of December 31
 2020
 our fiscal year end.




			

			
			





 Item&nbsp;11
 will be included in our 2021 Proxy Statement
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#8220;Executive Compensation&#8221; and &#8220;Director Compensation.&#8221; Our 2021 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120&nbsp;days of December 31
 2020
 our fiscal year end.




			

			
			





 Item&nbsp;12
 will be included in our 2021 Proxy Statement
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned &#8220;Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management.&#8221; Our 2021 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120&nbsp;days of December 31
 2020
 our fiscal year end.




 2020
 the end of the most recently completed fiscal year
 about shares of common stock that may be issued under our Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan
 our 2002 Equity Plan (which was terminated but has awards which remain outstanding in accordance with their existing terms).




			

			

			
			
			
			
Options
 RSUs

			
			

			
			
			
Options
 Warrants and
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			
			
			



			

			
			

589

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

972

			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

589

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

972

			
			
			







			

			

 as of January 1 of each year
 by an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 1
300
000 shares
 (b) 4.0% of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors
 provided that the number of shares that may be granted pursuant to awards in a single year may not exceed 10% of our outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year. As of January 1
 2021
 the total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Plan was an aggregate of 12
084
032.





















			

			
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.





 Item&nbsp;13
 will be included in our 2021 Proxy Statement
 and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#8220;Transactions With Related Persons
&#8221; &#8220;Board Meetings and Committees&#8221; and &#8220;Independence of the Board of Directors.&#8221; Our 2021 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120&nbsp;days of December 31
 2020
 our fiscal year end.




			

			
			





 Item&nbsp;14
 will be included in our 2021 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned &#8220;Policy for Approval of Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services&#8221; and &#8220;Audit and Related Fees.&#8221; Our 2021 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120&nbsp;days of December 31
 2020
 our fiscal year end.






			

			
			







		
			

			



 related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm are included in Item&nbsp;8 of Part&nbsp;II of this Report.




		
			

			



 or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto.




		
			

			


			







			

			
			



















 the document to which it is cross referenced is made.




			

			

Articles of Incorporation of Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed as
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to our annual report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2000
 filed on March 30
 2001; File No. 333-75913).




			

			

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed on November 8
 2013; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

			




			

			

Form of Convertible Subordinated Promissory Note (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 27
 2018; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Form of Note Purchase Agreement (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 27
 2018; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Form of Registration Rights Agreement ((Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 27
 2018; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Lease Agreement dated December 31
 2014
 by and between 66 South Hanford Street Limited Partnership and Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 7
 2015; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

First Amendment to Lease dated February 4
 2020 (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on February 20
 2020; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2012
 by and among Jones Soda Co. and the Purchasers (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed February 2
 2012; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Jones Soda Co. 2002 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Appendix B to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
 filed on April 18
 2007
 File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Annex A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
 filed on April 12
 2011
 File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement under the Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 12
 2011; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice and Agreement under the Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed August 12
 2011; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement under the Jones Soda Co. 2011 Incentive Plan (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed November 13
 2018; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of July 11
 2019
 by and between Jones Soda Co. and Heavenly Rx Ltd. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Warrant dated July 11
 2019 to purchase up to 15
000
000 shares of Common Stock (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Investor Rights Agreement dated as of July 11
 2019 by and among Jones Soda Co.
 Heavenly Rx Ltd. and the shareholders named therein (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019; File No. 000-28820)




			

			

Standstill Agreement dated as of July 11
 2019 by and between Jones Soda Co. and Heavenly Rx Ltd. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Standstill Agreement dated as of July 11
 2019 by and between Jones Soda Co. and SOL Global Investments Corp. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.5 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019; File No. 000-28820)




			

			

Form of Indemnification Agreement (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.6 to our current report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 12
 2019; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Amended Compensation for Non-Employee Directors of Jones Soda Co. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 our current report on Form 8-K
 filed September 30
 2019; File No. 000-28820).





















			

			

Consulting and Separation Agreement between Jones Soda Co. and Jennifer Cue dated as of April 6
 2020&nbsp;(Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed May 12
 2020; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Consulting Agreement between Jones Soda Co. and Jamie Colbourne dated as of April 1
 2020 (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 filed May 12
 2020; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Promissory Note
 dated April 24
 2020
 by and between Jones Soda Co. and HomeStreet Bank N.A. (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 our current report on Form 8-K
 filed April 30
 2020; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

Amended and Restated Employment Letter Agreement between Jones Soda Co. and Mark Murray dated effective December 1
 2020 (Previously filed with
 and incorporated herein by reference to
 our current report on Form 8-K
 filed December 2
 2020; File No. 000-28820).




			

			

			




			

			

			




			

			

Certification by Mark Murray
 Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith).




			

			

Certification by Joe Culp
 Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith).




			

			

Certification by Mark Murray
 Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith).




			

			

&nbsp;Certification by Joe Culp
 Principal Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith).




			

			

			




			

			

			




			

			

			




			

			

			




			

			

			




			

			

			









			

			

			




			

			


 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.





















 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


		


 2021


			


		
			

			


			


		
			
			
			

Controller
 Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer







 with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other
 as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name
 place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person
 individually and in each capacity stated below
 and to file
 any and all amendments to this report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorneys-in fact and agents
 and each of them
 full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
 ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.


 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


		

			

			

			

			

			


		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			

			

			

			


 2021


		

			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			

			


 Chairman of the Board

			


 2021


		

			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			

			

			

			


 2021


		

			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			

			

			

			


 2021


		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			

			

			

			


 2021


		

			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			

			

			

			


 2021


		

			

			
			
			
			




















	






 and qualified in its entirety by reference to
 our Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws (&#8220;Bylaws&#8221;)
 each of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;This description also summarizes relevant provisions of Washington law.&nbsp;We encourage you to read our Articles of Incorporation
 Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Washington law for additional information.




000
000 shares of common stock
 without par value.




 if any
 as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. In the event of liquidation
 the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities. The shareholders do not have cumulative voting or preemptive rights. Our common stock currently trades on the OTCQB Marketplace under the symbol &#8220;JSDA.&#8221; The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions
 Inc. The transfer agent&#8217;s and registrar&#8217;s address is 51 Mercedes Way
 Edgewood
 NY 11717.

Antitakeover Effects of Certain Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation
 Bylaws and Washington Law


 Bylaws and Washington law may discourage
 delay or prevent a change in the control of us or a change in our management
 even if doing so would be beneficial to our shareholders. The existence of these anti-takeover provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.

. Our Bylaws provide that our shareholders may call a special meeting only upon the request of holders of at least 10% of the votes entitled to be cast on any matter proposed for consideration at such special meeting. Additionally
 our president or our board of directors may call special meetings of shareholders. Except as required by law
 a quorum at any annual or special meeting of shareholders consists of the presence of at least 33 1/3% of the shares entitled to be cast by each voting group.



. Our Bylaws&nbsp;contain advance notice procedures with respect to the nomination of candidates for election as directors
 other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee thereof. The existence of these advance notification provisions may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire
 or may discourage a third party from acquiring
 control of our board of directors.

. Washington law imposes restrictions on certain transactions between a corporation and certain significant shareholders. Chapter 23B.19 of the Washington Business Corporation Act generally prohibits a &#8220;target corporation&#8221; from engaging in certain significant business transactions with an &#8220;acquiring person
&#8221; which is defined as a person or group of persons that beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting securities of the target corporation
 for a period of five years after the date the acquiring person first became a 10% beneficial owner of the voting securities of the target corporation
 unless the business transaction or the acquisition of shares is approved by a majority of the members of the target corporation&#8217;s board of directors prior to the time the acquiring person first became a 10% beneficial owner of the target corporation&#8217;s voting securities. Such prohibited transactions include
 among other things:


		
			

			



 disposition of assets to
 or issuance or redemption of stock to or from
 the acquiring person;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





 a &#8220;significant business transaction&#8221; may occur if it complies with &#8220;fair price&#8221; provisions specified in the statute. A corporation may not &#8220;opt out&#8221; of this statute. We expect the existence of this provision to have an antitakeover effect with respect to transactions that our board of directors does not approve in advance and may discourage takeover attempts that might result in the payment of a premium over the market price for common stock held by shareholders or otherwise might benefit shareholders.


















	






		
			
			

		

			



 incorporated in the State of Washington





		
			
			

		

			



 incorporated in British Columbia





















	







 Washington


 333-103939
 333-157978
 333-109173
 and 333-176386) of Jones Soda Co. of our report dated March 24
 2021
 relating to the consolidated financial statements which appears in this Form 10-K. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


 LLP


 Washington

 2021


















	







 Mark Murray
 certify that:


		
			

			


			





		
			

			


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made





		
			

			



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and





		
			

			


 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.






 2021



		
			
			

		
			

			


		
			

			


		
			

			


		
			
			




















	







 Joe Culp
 certify that:


		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





		
			

			



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and





		
			

			



 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.







		

			


		

			


		

			





 2021





















	





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 




 2020&nbsp;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Form 10-K&#8221;)
 I
&nbsp;Mark Murray
 &nbsp;President and&nbsp;Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;of the Company
 hereby&nbsp;certify that
 to my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


		

			


			





		

			



 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.






		
			
			
			

		
			

			

			

		
			

			

			

		
			

			

			

		
			
			
			





 2021


















	





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 




 2020&nbsp;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Form 10-K&#8221;)
 I
&nbsp;Joe Culp
&nbsp;Principal Financial Officer&nbsp;of the Company
 hereby&nbsp;certify that
 to my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002:


		

			


			





		

			



 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.






		
			
			
			

		
			

			

			

		
			
			
			

		
			

			

			





 2021





















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 18
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;we issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2
920
000&lt;/div&gt; of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &amp;#x201c;Convertible&amp;nbsp;Notes&amp;#x201d;) to institutional investors and&amp;nbsp;our management team

 2022
 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 18
 2022. &lt;/div&gt;The holders can convert the Convertible Notes at any time into&amp;nbsp;the number of shares of&amp;nbsp;our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of the unpaid principal and interest on such Convertible Note by (ii) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.32&lt;/div&gt; (the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d;). The Conversion Price is subject to anti-dilution adjustment on a broad-based

 which is defined as amounts due in connection with our&amp;nbsp;indebtedness for borrowed money to banks
 commercial finance lenders
 or other lending institutions regularly engaged in the business of lending money

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; Convertible Notes were converted. During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt; million and related accrued interest were converted into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4
868
079&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock in accordance with the original terms of the Convertible Notes. As a result
 the carrying amount of the converted principal amount of such Convertible Notes
 along with the converted accrued interest
 in an aggregate amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1
558
000
&lt;/div&gt; was credited to common stock and unamortized discounts in an amount equal to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$262
000&lt;/div&gt; were recognized as interest expense during &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt; There were additional conversions of the Convertible Notes subsequent to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;closing date for the issuance of the Convertible Notes was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.36&lt;/div&gt; per share
 therefore
 the Convertible Notes contained a beneficial conversion feature with an aggregate intrinsic value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$350
000.&lt;/div&gt; The fair value of our common stock on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 18
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;closing date for the issuance of the Convertible Notes was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.30&lt;/div&gt; per share
 which did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; result in an additional beneficial conversion feature. The resulting debt discount for the Convertible Notes issued on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 23
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;is presented as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the Convertible Notes and was recorded with an increase to additional paid-in capital. The discount along with the related closing costs amounting to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$137
000&lt;/div&gt; are amortized through interest expense over the term of the Convertible Notes. The balance of notes payable is presented net of unamortized discounts amounting to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$88
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$141
000&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The principal balance of notes payable to related parties amounted to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$120
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31




 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$4.6&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$6.0&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively
 and working capital of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$5.8&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$8.4&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; totaled approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3.3&lt;/div&gt; million

 finance operations

 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs. Therefore
 currently
 based upon our near-term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand

 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. In addition
 the continuation of the COVID-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19&lt;/div&gt; pandemic and uncertain market conditions &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;limit our ability to access capital
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;reduce demand for certain products
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;negatively impact our supply chain. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be available to us when needed. Moreover
 these alternatives &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in our best interest and in the best interest of our shareholders
 which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  


  
  

 which also include promotions and sponsorships
 are expensed as incurred. During the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we incurred advertising costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$557
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$518
000

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we continue to have commitments to various suppliers of raw materials (primarily sugar and glass). Purchase obligations under these commitments are expected to total &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$367
000&lt;/div&gt; in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2021

 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; required to make and have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; made any contributions to the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;401&lt;/div&gt;(k) plan during the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; outstanding stock options amounting to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3
589
783&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3
495
601
&lt;/div&gt; shares issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5
372
440&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5
095
308
&lt;/div&gt; unvested restricted stock units of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;149
824
&lt;/div&gt; and stock warrants of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15
000
000&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 and Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available

 receivables
 and payables approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. During the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; half of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; we issued an aggregate principal amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2
920
000&lt;/div&gt; of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &amp;#x201c;Convertible Notes&amp;#x201d;). The fair value remaining of Convertible Notes outstanding was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1
483
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1
437
000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The fair value of Convertible Notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates

  
  

 net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Net transaction gains were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$22
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$4
000&lt;/div&gt; for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

  
  
  
  

 which include fixed assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  














 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the valuation allowance increased by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$530
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$592
000


 2020



 2020 &lt;/div&gt;the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the &amp;#x201c;CARES Act&amp;#x201d;) was signed into law. There was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; financial statement impact related to the CARES Act for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

  
  

 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary based on whether they are more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  







 as well as promotional merchandise held for sale. Raw materials primarily include ingredients

  
  
  
  

000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$9
000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

500&lt;/div&gt; square feet of retail/office space in Seattle
 Washington for our principal executive and administrative offices. The initial term of the lease was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; years; in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; February 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we amended the lease to extend the term through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; February 28
 2025. &lt;/div&gt;As a result of the lease amendment
 we recognized a lease liability and right-of-use asset of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$556
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; which represents the remaining lease payments discounted at a rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4%.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020

 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we incurred rental expenses of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$162
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$133
000&lt;/div&gt; respectively. During the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we made cash payments of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$158
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$139
000


 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company adopted Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;842:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Leases&lt;/div&gt;
 which requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 with a term greater than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months on its balance sheets.&amp;nbsp; Upon adoption
 the Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$124
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$116
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 on the consolidated balance sheet as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2019. &lt;/div&gt;The adoption of ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt; did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have a material impact on either the consolidated statement of operations or consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we received loan proceeds of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$334
500&lt;/div&gt; (the &amp;#x201c;PPP Loan&amp;#x201d;) under the Paycheck Protection Program (&amp;#x201c;PPP&amp;#x201d;). The PPP
 established as part of the CARES Act
 provided for loans to qualifying companies in amounts up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2.5&lt;/div&gt; times their average monthly payroll expenses. Our PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note
 dated as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 24
 2020 (&lt;/div&gt;the &amp;#x201c;Note&amp;#x201d;)
 between us and HomeStreet Bank (the &amp;#x201c;Lender&amp;#x201d;). The Note has a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt;-year term and bears interest at the rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1.0%&lt;/div&gt; per annum. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt; payments of principal or interest are due during the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-month period beginning on the date of the Note (the &amp;#x201c;Deferral Period&amp;#x201d;). Furthermore
 we&amp;nbsp;received an extension of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; principal and interest payment date to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; months after the last day of the Deferral Period. The initial principal and interest payments are now due on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; August 1

 the principal and accrued interest under the Note is forgivable after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;24&lt;/div&gt; weeks if we use the PPP Loan proceeds for eligible purposes
 including payroll
 benefits
 rent and utilities
 and otherwise comply with PPP requirements. We must repay any unforgiven principal amount of the Note
 with interest
 on a monthly basis following the Deferral Period. We&amp;nbsp;intend to pursue forgiveness
 although actions taken by us in connection with our previously disclosed restructuring or otherwise could cause some or all of the PPP Loan to be ineligible for forgiveness. To the extent &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; forgiven
 we will begin to pay principal and interest payments of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$19
000&lt;/div&gt; every month following the Deferral Period. The PPP Loan will be derecognized upon confirmation of forgiveness

 the CARES Act
 among other things
 includes provisions related to refundable payroll tax credits
 deferment of employer side social security payments
 net operating loss carryback periods
 alternative minimum tax credit refunds
 modifications to the net interest deduction limitations
 increased limitations on qualified charitable contributions

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  


  

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;06
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Debt-Debt with Conversion and other options&amp;#x201d; which simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2023

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments: Credit Losses&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information

  
  





  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;/div&gt; Segment information


 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company's contracts have a single performance obligation (delivery of product). The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product
 subject to adjustment as described below. Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue
 and totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$70
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$71
000&lt;/div&gt; for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances in the same period that the revenue is recognized for product sales to customers.&amp;nbsp;These estimates are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require management judgement with respect to estimating customer participation and performance levels. Differences between estimated expense and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.&amp;nbsp;The amount of revenue recognized represents the amount that will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be subject to a significant future reversal of revenue. The liability for promotional allowances is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts paid for slotting fees are recorded as prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the corresponding term. For the years ended&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;and&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; our revenue was reduced by&amp;nbsp;approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.6&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.7&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively

 and in such situations we would have variable consideration. To date









  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






























495

329

235


589

 December 31

544

310











 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; of our customers represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;24%&lt;/div&gt; of our revenues and during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

310

264





589

544

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 produces


 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$4.6&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$6.0&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively
 and working capital of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$5.8&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$8.4&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; totaled approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3.3&lt;/div&gt; million

 finance operations

 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs. Therefore
 currently
 based upon our near-term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand

 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. In addition
 the continuation of the COVID-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19&lt;/div&gt; pandemic and uncertain market conditions &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;limit our ability to access capital
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;reduce demand for certain products
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;negatively impact our supply chain. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be available to us when needed. Moreover
 these alternatives &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
 we &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in our best interest and in the best interest of our shareholders
 which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern

 but are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies

 Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 and Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available

 receivables
 and payables approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. During the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; half of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; we issued an aggregate principal amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2
920
000&lt;/div&gt; of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &amp;#x201c;Convertible Notes&amp;#x201d;). The fair value remaining of Convertible Notes outstanding was approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1
483
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1
437
000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The fair value of Convertible Notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates

 are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Allowances for doubtful accounts of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$93
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$44
000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 are netted against accounts receivable. Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products



 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; customer made up &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;18%&lt;/div&gt; of our outstanding accounts receivable. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2019

000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$9
000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

 which include fixed assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired

 net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Net transaction gains were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$22
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$4
000&lt;/div&gt; for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;/div&gt; Segment information


 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company's contracts have a single performance obligation (delivery of product). The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product
 subject to adjustment as described below. Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue
 and totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$70
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$71
000&lt;/div&gt; for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances in the same period that the revenue is recognized for product sales to customers.&amp;nbsp;These estimates are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require management judgement with respect to estimating customer participation and performance levels. Differences between estimated expense and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.&amp;nbsp;The amount of revenue recognized represents the amount that will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be subject to a significant future reversal of revenue. The liability for promotional allowances is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts paid for slotting fees are recorded as prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the corresponding term. For the years ended&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;and&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; our revenue was reduced by&amp;nbsp;approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.6&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.7&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively

 and in such situations we would have variable consideration. To date

 which also include promotions and sponsorships
 are expensed as incurred. During the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; we incurred advertising costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$557
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$518
000

 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 if considered necessary based on whether they are more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31

&lt;/div&gt; outstanding stock options amounting to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3
589
783&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3
495
601
&lt;/div&gt; shares issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5
372
440&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5
095
308
&lt;/div&gt; unvested restricted stock units of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;149
824
&lt;/div&gt; and stock warrants of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15
000
000&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively


 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;06
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Debt-Debt with Conversion and other options&amp;#x201d; which simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2023

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments: Credit Losses&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  


  
  


  
  


  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the number of shares authorized under the Plan &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be increased each &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1st&lt;/div&gt; by an amount equal to the least of (a) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1
300
000&lt;/div&gt; shares
 (b) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.0%&lt;/div&gt; of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors (the Board)
 provided that the number of shares that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be granted pursuant to awards in a single year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; exceed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; of our outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year. Effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2021
 &lt;/div&gt;the total number of shares of common stock authorized under the Plan was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12
084

 the Board &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;grant awards to employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors. Awards &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;consist of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock
 stock units
 performance awards or other stock or cash-based awards. Stock options are granted at the closing price of our stock on the date of grant
 and generally have a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;ten&lt;/div&gt;-year term and vest over a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;48&lt;/div&gt; months with the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;25.0%&lt;/div&gt; cliff vesting &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year from the grant date and monthly thereafter. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6
972


495

329

235


589

 December 31

544

310


310

264





589

544

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;equity compensation for non-employee director service consisted of an annual restricted stock unit award that vested over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year
 with the number of shares underlying such award being determined by dividing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$15
000&lt;/div&gt; by the closing share price on the date of grant (which was the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; business day in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January &lt;/div&gt;in each calendar year); when joining the Board each non-employee director received an initial restricted stock unit award that vested over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year
 the number of shares underlying such award being determined by dividing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$15
000&lt;/div&gt; by the Company's closing stock price on the date of grant (which was the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; trading day following the date on which such director was appointed)





928&lt;/div&gt; shares as payment for withholding taxes due in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards during the period ending &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;equity compensation for non-employee director service consists of the grant of an annual non-qualified stock option award that vests on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director's continuing service as of such anniversary date)
 with the number of shares underlying such award determined by dividing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$25
000&lt;/div&gt; by the closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant (which shall be the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; trading day in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January &lt;/div&gt;in each calendar year)
 and such stock option award shall have an exercise price equal to our closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant. When joining our board of directors
 each non-employee director shall be granted a non-qualified stock option award that vests on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director's continuing service as of such anniversary date)
 with the number of shares underlying such award determined by dividing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$25
000&lt;/div&gt; by our closing stock price on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; trading day following the date on which such director is appointed)
 prorated based on the date on which such director is appointed
 and which stock option shall be granted as of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; trading day following the date on which such director was appointed

 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;we had unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options and non-vested stock of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$76




 2020

 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$51
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$9
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively and for options exercisable was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$20
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$6
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options is calculated as the quoted market price of the stock at the balance sheet date less the exercise price of the option. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$21
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. During the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; and&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;70
445&lt;/div&gt; options exercised

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#x201c;Purchase Agreement&amp;#x201d;) with Heavenly Rx Ltd. (the &amp;#x201c;Investor&amp;#x201d;) pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investor in a private placement (the &amp;#x201c;Financing&amp;#x201d;): (a) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15
000
000&lt;/div&gt; shares (the &amp;#x201c;Shares&amp;#x201d;) of common stock and (b) a warrant to purchase up to an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15
000
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock (the &amp;#x201c;Warrant&amp;#x201d;). The aggregate purchase price for the Shares and the Warrant was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$9
000
000&lt;/div&gt; in cash
 which was paid to the Company at the closing of the purchase and sale on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July 11
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;and is presented net of offering costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$183
000.&lt;/div&gt; The Company continues to use the proceeds for general working capital and other purposes
 including sales and marketing
 product development and capital expenditures for its legacy business and new business initiatives. The Warrant expired on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July 11

782
000.&lt;/div&gt; The relative fair value of the net proceeds allocated to the Warrant was estimated to be &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2
035

 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;the Board of Directors of&amp;nbsp; the Company&amp;nbsp;approved a Services and Endorsement Agreement (the &amp;#x201c;Services Agreement&amp;#x201d;) with Tony Hawk
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;THI&amp;#x201d;) pursuant to which Tony Hawk (&amp;#x201c;Hawk&amp;#x201d;) shall provide certain marketing services on behalf of the Company.&amp;nbsp; The Services Agreement has a term commencing as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; June 1
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and terminating as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 31
 2021.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/div&gt;Pursuant to the Services Agreement
 the Company agreed to issue to THI that number of shares of the Company's Common Stock as is valued at an aggregate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$25
000&lt;/div&gt; as of the date of issuance
 and to issue to The Skatepark Project (&amp;#x201c;TSP&amp;#x201d;)
 an affiliate of Hawk
 that number of shares of Common Stock as is valued at an aggregate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$25
000&lt;/div&gt; as of the date of issuance. This issuance resulted in&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;138
888&lt;/div&gt; shares to THI and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;138
888&lt;/div&gt; shares to&amp;nbsp;TSP
 for a total issuance of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;277


 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$650
000&lt;/div&gt; and related accrued interest were converted into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2
385

  
  

 are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Allowances for doubtful accounts of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$93
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$44
000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 are netted against accounts receivable. Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products



 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; customer made up &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;18%&lt;/div&gt; of our outstanding accounts receivable. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2019


 but are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


    


    


    


    




        


        





      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      





































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    






    


    


    



 Stock Options



    


    


    


    


    


    





 Option



    


    






    






    
    
    


    


    
    


    







 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest











    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    






    

 Options
 Outstanding



    
    


    














    


    

 Current







    


    

 Options
 Outstanding
 Period Increase (Decrease)



    






    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    




    




    




    

 Award Vesting Rights



    


    


    


    
    


    








    
    


    


    




    


    


    
    
    


    




    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Amount



    


    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    


    
    


    
    









 Expensed and Capitalized



    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    

 Additional Shares Authorized

    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    






    


    








    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment
 Net




 plant and equipment



    


    



 before tax effects



    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee



    

 at Carrying Value



    

 Convertible



    


    


    

 Convertible



    


    
    






    

 Periodic Payment













    
    










    
    


    


    

 Interest Rate



    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    










    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Value



    


    

 Options



    
    


    


    


    


    
    






    




    




    





 Shares



    

 Value



    


    

 Shares



    
    


    





 Value



    


    


    






    
    


    

 Debt







    






    




    
    


    


    




    


















    

 Liability



    






    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount



    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    



 Operating Lease
 Liability



    


    
    


    

 Converted Instrument







    

 Original Debt



    




    






    










    


    

 Operating Lease



    


    




    
    


    


    



 no par value: Authorized &#8212; 100
000
000; issued and outstanding shares &#8212; 61
975
748 shares and 61
566
076 shares



    










    

 Operating Lease







    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    






    


    








    






    






    
    


    


    

 Net



    


    


    


    
    


    





 Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    






    
    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment



    






    


    


    


    


    










    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    






    








    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Unamortized Discount (Premium)
 Net







    


    


    


    
    






    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    


    


    


    






    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    
    






    


    


    


    
    
    
    


    














    

 to be Paid







    

 to be Paid



    










    






    


    











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Feb. 26
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020














































































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding (in shares)



360
806











676
013























  2020









































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











614


969



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance of $93 and $44

581


573





856


788












244


640



Fixed assets
 net of accumulated depreciation of $554 and $484






















053


852












385





Lease liability
 current portion





























486


245



Convertible subordinated notes payable
 net

386


333










SBA loan
 net of current portion






Lease liability
 net of current portion








674


725










Common stock
 no par value: Authorized &#8212; 100
000
000; issued and outstanding shares &#8212; 61
975
748 shares and 61
566
076 shares
 respectively

953


773












985)


988)





379


127





053


852







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due after one year (or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 including liabilities for compensation costs
 fringe benefits other than pension and postretirement obligations
 rent
 contractual rights and obligations
 and statutory obligations.

























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Current portion of the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment with long term maturities. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)
20)



























The total amount due within more than 12 month
 or the operating cycle if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






















































































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Accounts receivable
 allowance






Fixed assets
 accumulated depreciation






Common stock
 no par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)

975
748


566
076



Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

975
748


566
076







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




895


508





216


125





679


383












579


447





928


288





507


735





828)


352)

















Other expense
 net








970)


749)



Income tax expense
 net








997)


778)












792
285


109
086








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
























































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.



















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




997)


778)



















928)


732)







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2018

464
373









Balance at Dec. 31
 2018

211
000


000


210
000)


000)





179











000






000





868
079











558
000






558
000



Common stock and warrants issued
 net of offering costs of $183 (in shares)

000
000









Common stock and warrants issued
 net of offering costs of $183

817
000






817
000





445






445





000






000





000






000









778
000)


778
000)







000




000



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2019

566
076






566
076



Balance at Dec. 31
 2019

773
000


000


988
000)


127
000





672











000






000
















000






000









997
000)


997
000)







000




000



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2020

975
748






975
748



Balance at Dec. 31
 2020

953
000


000


985
000)


379
000

































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Number
 before forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).



















































































































Value
 before forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from direct costs associated with issuing stock. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











997
000)


778
000)












000


000





000


000





000


000












000)


000)





000)


000)





000


000)





000


000)





000


000





000)


000





000


000)





532
000)


344
000)












000)


000)





000)


000)










Repayments on line of credit
 net of proceeds



000)







000



Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants
 net



817
000





000







000)







000


417
000





417
000)


952
000





000


000



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of period

969
000


000



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of period

614
000


969
000














000





000


000














558
000





000







000


000







Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable
 less direct write-downs of accounts receivable charged against the allowance.





















































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of beneficial interest received as consideration for transferring noncash financial asset. Includes
 but is not limited to
 trade receivable in securitization transaction.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
















































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.



















































































































Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Jones Soda Co. develops
 produces
 operating subsidiaries
 December 31
2019
 million
 respectively
 million
 million
The Company has experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities. This situation creates uncertainties about the Company's ability to execute its business plan
 finance operations
We continue to experience negative cash flows from operations
 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs. Therefore
 currently
 based upon our near-term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
require
 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. In addition
limit our ability to access capital
reduce demand for certain products
negatively impact our supply chain. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 be available to us when needed. Moreover
 provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in our best interest and in the best interest of our shareholders
include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include
 limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies
 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date
 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available
The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
2018
$2
920
$1
483
$1
437
 December 31
2019

Our accounts receivable balance primarily includes balances from trade sales to distributors and retail customers. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance for doubtful accounts based primarily on historical write-off experience. Account balances that are deemed uncollectible

$44
 December 31
2019

 are netted against accounts receivable. Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products
Balance
Balance
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2019
$5
$9
 December 31
2019
Long-lived assets
 which include fixed assets
 be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
The functional currency of our Canadian subsidiary is the Canadian dollar. We translate assets and liabilities related to these operations to U.S.&nbsp;dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the date of the consolidated balance sheet; we convert revenues and expenses into U.S.&nbsp;dollars using the average monthly exchange rates. Translation gains and losses are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Transaction gains and losses arising from the transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in other expense

$4
2019
606

11

 year or less
The Company's performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time when products are received by the customer
 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company's contracts have a single performance obligation (delivery of product). The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product
 subject to adjustment as described below. Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue

$71
 December 31
2019
Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 December 31
2019
 million
 respectively
accept returned product due to quality issues or distributor terminations
 and in such situations we would have variable consideration. To date
Advertising costs
 which also include promotions and sponsorships

2019
$557
$518
000
We account for income taxes by recognizing the amount of taxes payable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 December 31
2019
3
589
3
495
601
5
372
5
095
308
149
824
15
000
 December 31
2019

 provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments
also fluctuate based on the number of SKUs selected or removed by our distributors and retail partners through the normal course of serving consumers in the dynamic
 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result
 August
 2020
06
 December 15
 2023
 June 2016
13
)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information
 current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU is effective for us in the 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
December 31
1
1
1
1
Finished goods primarily include product ready for shipment
 as well as promotional merchandise held for sale. Raw materials primarily include ingredients
 concentrate and packaging.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]




































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020
















 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 March 23
 2018
 April 18
 2018
$2
920

 March 23
 2022
 April 18
 (the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d;). The Conversion Price is subject to anti-dilution adjustment on a broad-based
The Convertible Notes are subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all of our Senior Indebtedness
 which is defined as amounts due in connection with our&nbsp;indebtedness for borrowed money to banks
 commercial finance lenders
 or other lending institutions regularly engaged in the business of lending money
2020
2019
4
868

 the carrying amount of the converted principal amount of such Convertible Notes
 along with the converted accrued interest

558
000
$262
 December 31
 March 23
 2018
 per share
 therefore

 April 18
 2018
 per share
 March 23
$137
$88
$141
 December 31
2019
$120
 December 31
1
1
474













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Lessee
 Operating Leases [Text Block]
6

 February 2020
 February 28

$556
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
2019
$162
$133
 December 31
2019
$158
$139
000
Management fees and other operational expenses were immaterial. Cash payments on our operating lease are presented as operating cash outflows in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Under the lease amendment
 January 1
 2019
 
 which requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases
 including operating leases
 months on its balance sheets.&nbsp; Upon adoption

$116
000


 December 31
 2019.



































The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 Incentive Plan (the &#x201c;Plan&#x201d;)
1
300

 of our outstanding common stock as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year
 and (c) a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors (the Board)
 January 1
 2021
12
084
Under the terms of the Plan
grant awards to employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 agents
consist of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 stock awards
 restricted stock
 stock units
 performance awards or other stock or cash-based awards. Stock options are granted at the closing price of our stock on the date of grant
 December 31
 2020
6
972
Balance at January 1
3
495
1
329
(1
235
Balance at December 31
3
589
Exercisable
 December 31
2
544
3
310
 December 31
3
310
2
264
244
244
35
35
3
589
2
544
 December 31
 2019
 year

 year

 trading day following the date on which such director was appointed)
Non-vested restricted stock at January 1
149
(149
Non-vested restricted stock at December 31
17
 December 31
 2020
 January 1
 2020
 anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director's continuing service as of such anniversary date)

in each calendar year)
 and such stock option award shall have an exercise price equal to our closing stock price (as quoted on the OTCQB marketplace) on the date of grant. When joining our board of directors
 anniversary of the date of grant (subject to the director's continuing service as of such anniversary date)

 trading day following the date on which such director is appointed)
 prorated based on the date on which such director is appointed
 trading day following the date on which such director was appointed
Stock-based compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line attribution method over the employees' requisite service period. We recognize compensation expense for only the portion of stock options or restricted stock expected to vest. Therefore
 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management
 December 31
 2020
$76
Year Ended December 31
We employ the following key weighted-average assumptions in determining the fair value of stock options
 December 31
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
$51
$9
000
$20
$6
000
 December 31
$21
000
 December 31
2019
70

 July 11
 2019
15
000
15
000
$9
000


 2019
$183

 including sales and marketing

$6
782
$2
035
 July 27
 2020


 January 31



 and to issue to The Skatepark Project (&#x201c;TSP&#x201d;)
 an affiliate of Hawk

138
138


776



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







(k) plan subject to Internal Revenue Service's limitations. As currently established
 December 31
 2020 







The entire disclosure for an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans
 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 December 31
 2020
$367
2021
be involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business
 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or liquidity.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







(3
(2
(2
(2
State income taxes
Other
14
14
Other
14
14
(14
(14
 December 31
 December 31
 2019
$530
$592
000
We continually analyze the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
2020
 March 27

 Relief
 December 31
 2020.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Year Ended December 31
8
8
3
2
11
11
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2019 



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020












 April 24
 2020
$334

 established as part of the CARES Act
 times their average monthly payroll expenses. Our PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note


-month period beginning on the date of the Note (the &#x201c;Deferral Period&#x201d;). Furthermore
 August 1
Under the terms of the CARES Act
 weeks if we use the PPP Loan proceeds for eligible purposes
 including payroll
 benefits
 rent and utilities
 and otherwise comply with PPP requirements. We must repay any unforgiven principal amount of the Note
 with interest
 on a monthly basis following the Deferral Period. We&nbsp;intend to pursue forgiveness
 forgiven


In addition to the PPP Loan previously discussed
 the CARES Act
 among other things
 includes provisions related to refundable payroll tax credits
 deferment of employer side social security payments
 net operating loss carryback periods
 alternative minimum tax credit refunds
 modifications to the net interest deduction limitations
 increased limitations on qualified charitable contributions
 and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property. We continue to examine the impacts and benefits that the CARES Act 








































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







 December 31
 2020
$650
2
385
058



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Basis of Accounting
 Policy [Policy Text Block]





 December 31
2019
 million
 respectively
 million
 million
The Company has experienced recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities. This situation creates uncertainties about the Company's ability to execute its business plan
 finance operations
We continue to experience negative cash flows from operations
 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs. Therefore
 currently
 based upon our near-term anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
require
 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. In addition
limit our ability to access capital
reduce demand for certain products
negatively impact our supply chain. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 be available to us when needed. Moreover
 provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in our best interest and in the best interest of our shareholders
include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 ultimately be available or feasible. The uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements for the periods presented were prepared assuming we would continue as a going concern
 which contemplates that we will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize assets and settle liability commitments in the normal course of business. These financial statements do 



Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include
 limited to
 inventory valuation
 depreciable lives and valuation of capital assets
 valuation allowances for receivables
 trade promotion liabilities
 stock-based compensation expense
 valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets
 contingencies
 and forecasts supporting the going concern assumption and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date
 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means
 includes unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions about what factors market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available
The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
2018
$2
920
$1
483
$1
437
 December 31
2019

 which represent level 




Our accounts receivable balance primarily includes balances from trade sales to distributors and retail customers. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance for doubtful accounts based primarily on historical write-off experience. Account balances that are deemed uncollectible

$44
 December 31
2019

 are netted against accounts receivable. Changes in accounts receivable are primarily due to the timing and magnitude of orders of products
Balance
Balance
 December 31
 2020
 December 31
 2019
 



Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
$5
$9
 December 31
2019




Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Long-lived assets
 which include fixed assets
 be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Long-lived assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows when evaluating for impairment. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.




The functional currency of our Canadian subsidiary is the Canadian dollar. We translate assets and liabilities related to these operations to U.S.&nbsp;dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the date of the consolidated balance sheet; we convert revenues and expenses into U.S.&nbsp;dollars using the average monthly exchange rates. Translation gains and losses are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Transaction gains and losses arising from the transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in other expense

$4
2019





606

11

 year or less
The Company's performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time when products are received by the customer
 which is when the customer has title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company's contracts have a single performance obligation (delivery of product). The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product
 subject to adjustment as described below. Shipping and handling amounts paid by customers are primarily for online orders
 and are included in revenue

$71
 December 31
2019
Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
 slotting fees payable by us to retailers to stock our products and promotion allowances. Discounts
 slotting fees and promotional allowances vary the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the sale of products to distributors. The Company estimates these discounts
 December 31
2019
 million
 respectively
accept returned product due to quality issues or distributor terminations
 and in such situations we would have variable consideration. To date
 returns have 




Advertising costs
 which also include promotions and sponsorships

2019
$557
$518
000




Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We account for income taxes by recognizing the amount of taxes payable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We perform periodic evaluations of recorded tax assets and liabilities and maintain a valuation allowance
 to be realized. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 December 31
 2020 



Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
2019
3
589
3
495
601
5
372
5
095
308
149
824
15
000
 December 31
2019

 were anti-dilutive.



Comprehensive Income
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 provide income taxes on currency translation adjustments
 as the historical earnings from our Canadian subsidiary is considered to be indefinitely reinvested.




also fluctuate based on the number of SKUs selected or removed by our distributors and retail partners through the normal course of serving consumers in the dynamic
 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result
 management believes that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are 



Deferred Charges
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 August
 2020
06
 December 15
 2023
 June 2016
13
)
 which changes the impairment model for most financial instruments
 including trade receivables from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach
 based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information
 current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU is effective for us in the 


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss [Table Text Block]
Balance
Balance
 end of year



Schedule of Depreciation Rate of Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]








Tabular disclosure of depreciation rates on property
 plant and equipment


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
December 31
December 31
1
1
1
1
788







Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]








Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







1
1
474













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Maturity [Table Text Block]








Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Balance at January 1
3
495
1
329
(1
235
Balance at December 31
3
589
Exercisable
 December 31
2
544
3
310
406



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding and Exercisable [Table Text Block]
3
310
2
264
244
244
35
35
3
589
2
544
290




Non-vested restricted stock at January 1
149
(149
Non-vested restricted stock at December 31
 2020



Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Table Text Block]
Year Ended December 31




Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
 December 31





































Tabular disclosure of allocation of amount expensed and capitalized for award under share-based payment arrangement to statement of income or comprehensive income and statement of financial position. Includes
 but is not limited to
 corresponding line item in financial statement.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Tabular disclosure of number
 weighted-average exercise price or conversion ratio
 aggregate intrinsic value
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term for outstanding and exercisable options that are fully vested and expected to vest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











Schedule of Income before Income Tax
 Domestic and Foreign [Table Text Block]
(3
(2
(2
(2
749




State income taxes
Other
 net




14
14
Other
14
14
(14
(14
463







Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Year Ended December 31
8
8
3
2
11
11
508













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance



614
000


969
000







800
000


400
000



Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
 Total



532
000)


344
000)



Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current



000


000



Production Related Impairments or Charges
 Total



000


000



Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss)
 Realized



000


000



Revenues
 Total



895
000


508
000







600
000


700
000



Maximum Discount for Customers
 Payment Made Within 15 Days












000


000



Liability for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
 Current








Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member]








Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount (in shares) | shares



589
783


495
601












Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount (in shares) | shares



372
440


095
308












Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount (in shares) | shares





824












Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount (in shares) | shares





000
000












Revenues
 Total



000


000






























Concentration Risk
 Percentage

















Concentration Risk
 Percentage



















920
000







Notes Payable
 Fair Value Disclosure



483
000


437
000
























































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.






















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)



























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Balance
 beginning of year




















Balance
 end of year














































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020



































The depreciation rate of property
 plant and equipment.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




142


120










Inventory
 Net
 Total

856


788







Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
 Ending Balance













Property
 plant and equipment
 gross













Property
 plant and equipment
 gross













Property
 plant and equipment
 gross










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019























Accrued Liabilities
 Current
 Total










Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations
 excluding pension and other postretirement benefits
 incurred through that date and payable for perquisites provided to employees pertaining to services received from them. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 18
 2018
Mar. 23
 2018
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount







558
000



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities







558
000














Notes Payable
 Related Parties





000


000














Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount







400
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued (in shares)







868
079














Convertible Subordinated Debt
 Total

920
000









Debt Instrument
 Term (Year)










Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price (in dollars per share)










Interest Expense
 Debt
 Total







000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Beneficial Conversion Feature



000







Debt Issuance Costs
 Gross

000









Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount (Premium)
 Net
 Total





000


000







Including the current and noncurrent portions
 the carrying value of convertible subordinated debt
 as of the balance sheet date
 initially scheduled to be repaid after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer. This form of debt can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder
 and places a lender in a lien position behind debt having a higher priority of repayment in liquidation of the entity's assets.
















































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).




























Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.

























































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















474



Long-term Debt
 Total

474







Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset

000


000







Operating Lease
 Expense

000


000







Operating Lease
 Payments

000


000







Operating Lease
 Liability
 Total

000




















Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset







000



Operating Lease
 Liability
 Total







000



Retail / Office Space in Seattle
 Washington [Member]












500









Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Term of Contract (Year)










Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset





000





Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Discount Rate










Operating Lease
 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (Year)










Operating Lease
 Liability
 Total





000



































































Term of lessee's operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Period Increase (Decrease)
 Total (in shares) | shares
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value









000


000





Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Intrinsic Value









000


000





Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Intrinsic Value











000





Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period (in shares) | shares











445











000
000






817
000











000











Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues











817
000





Tony Hawk
 Inc. [Member]
















Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services

000















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services (in shares) | shares

888
































Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services

000















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services (in shares) | shares

888















Tony Hawk
 Inc and The Skatepark Project [Member]
















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services (in shares) | shares

776
































Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights (in shares) | shares





000
000

















035
000











Warrant Issued in Connection with Private Placement [Member] | Measurement Input
 Share Price [Member]
















Warrants and Rights Outstanding
 Measurement Input
















Warrant Issued in Connection with Private Placement [Member] | Measurement Input
 Price Volatility [Member]
















Warrants and Rights Outstanding
 Measurement Input
















Warrant Issued in Connection with Private Placement [Member] | Measurement Input
 Risk Free Interest Rate [Member]
















Warrants and Rights Outstanding
 Measurement Input
















Warrant Issued in Connection with Private Placement [Member] | Measurement Input
 Expected Dividend Rate [Member]
















Warrants and Rights Outstanding
 Measurement Input
















Warrant Issued in Connection with Private Placement [Member] | Measurement Input
 Expected Term [Member]
















Warrants and Rights Outstanding
 Measurement Input

































Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues (in shares) | shares





000
000











Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues





782
000




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period (Month)
















Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount
 Total



000




000


























Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Shares Withheld for Tax Withholding Obligation (in shares) | shares









928







Average Price Paid Per Share
 Shares Withheld For Tax Purposes (in dollars per share) | $ / shares

































Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Amount
 Total









000







Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition (Year)

































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Additional Shares Authorized (in shares) | shares









300
000







Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Additional Shares Authorized
 Percentage of Outstanding Stock
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Percentage of Outstanding Stock Maximum
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant (in shares) | shares









972
192







The 2011 Incentive Plan [Member] | Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member]
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Period (Year)
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period (Month)
















The 2011 Incentive Plan [Member] | Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member] | Cliff Vesting [Member]
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period (Month)
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Rights
 Percentage

































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized (in shares) | shares













084
032

































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.

























































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.






















































































The increase or decrease in number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding
 including vested options.



















































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Balance
 number of shares (in shares) | shares

495
601



Balance
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share) | $ / shares




Options granted
 number of shares (in shares) | shares

329
450



Options granted
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share) | $ / shares




Options cancelled/expired
 number of shares (in shares) | shares

235
268)



Options cancelled/expired
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share) | $ / shares




Balance
 number of shares (in shares) | shares

589
783



Balance
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share) | $ / shares




Exercisable
 number of shares (in shares) | shares

544
290



Exercisable
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share) | $ / shares




Vested and expected to vest
 number of shares (in shares) | shares

310
406



Vested and expected to vest
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share) | $ / shares

























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.

























































Number of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding that can be converted into shares under option plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Weighted-average exercise price
 at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance
 for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















589
783



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)




Options outstanding
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)






544
290



Options exercisable
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)




Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)









Exercise price
 lower limit (in dollars per share)




Exercise price
 upper limit (in dollars per share)






310
033



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)




Options outstanding
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)






264
540



Options exercisable
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)




Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)









Exercise price
 lower limit (in dollars per share)




Exercise price
 upper limit (in dollars per share)






750



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)




Options outstanding
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)






750



Options exercisable
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)




Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)









Exercise price
 lower limit (in dollars per share)




Exercise price
 upper limit (in dollars per share)






000



Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)




Options outstanding
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)






000



Options exercisable
 weighted average remaining contractual life (Year)




Options exercisable
 weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)

























































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




824





Non-vested restricted stock
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)






Non-vested restricted stock
 weighted-average contractual life (Year)








824)





Vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)










824



Non-vested restricted stock
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)










The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019





































Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member]





















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity - Weighted-average Assumptions (Details) - Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option [Member] - $ / shares



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019






































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Defined Contribution Plan
 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee
 Percent






Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount

















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 to be Paid
 Year One

000



Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 to be Paid
 Year Two















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)
 Amount

000


000



Liability for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
 Current




















Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Subject to Expiration

500
000





Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Not Subject to Expiration

600
000









Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws that are not subject to expiration.






















































































Tax year that remains open to examination under enacted tax laws
 in CCYY format.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




054)


833)












970)


749)




































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019























State income taxes
 net of federal benefit













Other
 net





































































































































Percentage of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to nondeductible expense for share-based payment arrangement.

























































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




721


104










Other
 net








993


463





993)


463)





































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019






























Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage







































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




895


508



















442


680



















329


768




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 24
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Proceeds from Notes Payable
 Total



000














Proceeds from Notes Payable
 Total

500







Debt Instrument
 Periodic Payment
 Total

000













































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 24
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount





558
000












Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount





400
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued (in shares)





868
079












Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount

000







Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued (in shares)

385
058



































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx



STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF

&ULS9+/
M2@,Q$(=?17+?G?VC%<(V%TM/H(%Q5M(IFUPDPW)R&[?WFQLMX@^@
?
_/+-




MUES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!
M$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

+$P&IG/U9K
MQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M&N#C\7@XMLO2
5 TR



*
M$IY&V[I4_5*E=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FOH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+

M2O2QS'!.'LL

5O& RN0
MHGQ


MYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE



MDI &$P'-E


U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5
V[&KXF

)%K/]8UA[Y

MYA

?-2K6J5D*Q$_

0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:




URZ@^
MEQLFX
KUF7&X'+=S:%=RGJ[6Q!<&POZ$K-F?F^V:FXVH5)(T8T*G4B#%EH/6%?XT



J/W;)5JHR@T=DLSUI1+
MO\Z7N]N;.9K?C:_0Z
[#U:VXNJ=PC:#[BG(8@82]H*_LM8G
KQ2&(0XOHRXA

BPKCPBLSRI6R$V.2ZAA&YY%1


;


$%     @ 
(=X4J0K



5JR46-&K:^FESCRR7)M8*1^(NS
M1WGTC+0I]T+\U(

:LCU31Q;P1CZC1TC;
M?C^

M?0;V=D:3SFABY@O'C&Z;AM4*42G!SDO/C&$W8VAFC

MM(0EG+[:3Y68J72:[191@J/Y;'?L$5LHSI.\$SI!&74H(R_*ZZ(0+8_L8
M(+POV1354O$&M$2

MLPY@Y@7XB3]!1=H#ZX.T*-JJ+4VQ6C'@K8)3PP8Z9N
X.@1MYHS:S/9B$ \L








^MTY]3
M+LG'^EW2DRDYATSE:-@[0=ML&85I/H1L2Z68C!7\GE.)GU.M&F*B^I4&Y-:5

9.7Y?^09L'7DMHQ-:@%KQ/P0'-_@9R/U!B:R[Q[H52HC*/

@5AT[LQWH]NEWG*01E]!2'H@OY_SS^Y_X
MXJ
KBZX!?'+9FITV<DZ52+Z[S/9MX@0, <PZ


MR![FJ


A'V-548GZDV: FYMQZO9


$Z2($WZV=../?T\.UY-QN)AP^7Z(P/I


&ULC9=9;]LX$(#_F'TH06:2*3NP#'0
M.-W= -MM$/=X9BS:$B*17I*VL_]^AY0L.Q*E]L66J#F^X3$SG!^%?%$%8QJ]
MUA57M[-Z]V-YZEUP6JJKL6.<?BR$;*F&E[EUE


MYG56\K)F7)6(\DVM[-/^&:)4Z-@)7Z4[*@NGI$)Y5F(%_/RD-_.?$/$*K;6
MQ@2%OP-;LJHREH#CW];HK/-I%^?3];_L
%#

]4L:6H?I:Y+FYGZ0SE;$/W

MB:K

M81*



M'Q4\S/%7)$O\/J=++ FS$=1S

MH

Q/4#Z



M+GAM;(U586_:




MF98_18'E)+@





[J
MI+*8N8Z#9B7.J\EB7E^[9XLYW8DBK\@] WQ7EIA]_T *NK^9P




M]UJX%19X


 %KE(7DO=N*H=?P.P N2
MO@


MY&8B^Q@G[(5



M5S#RSBV&R

MRK%JG'PC+
TY4:(=A*9;Y6/XN:(WN





P]
+0









+-0
M+4J[4RK=

US1
OZY1
MJ'X5Q
%IX8%7-;F%




;I3XS0NJ5\%U  66K!/TH/IO./JY='RY$L9_H1]SHP#RSI!J1K!5T' Y



5_ 


M2P
$%     @ 





M*M3^JW].?!)M0A)MC


5(]BG4FT5/8;QG8'2-9A<K[:M?F%GI1[&@6Z*!YAT6KSC
*C


5T)C]2+PFY229<..4.@(Y*<#]KK
M-ZUYATZB%7QQ^^-F]8%=%:VI@4[C)69ODBTPK]_B;M03^924:9(':98GB&

#.
0##LF&

M\\0=T
1SU:D4Q/_JPYD8F2KW*6P\X75G=)EBGLGJM\WSV=V)Q)YT8%]I97F
M479F!&TV$#89L/9S6HZ87$Z65;PRXVS?)(F467:6K]]A/7LMXRX=5'-'[&N
M24


$NN-G3=+B'&&.^*3O




UA/


M$/A7*525F@


4RWM$#(E7[^06)I?F(5Q.61+.A
K;

&ULK5K;<ALW$OT5
ME%;9M:L8BC?=$MM5LA+O)I6+RXJ3AZU] &= $O'
@ $PHI2OW]/=P
Q0$N5L
MU3Y(G!N 1E].G^Z95SOG/X6-
5'=U5437A]M8MQ^=7(2BHVI=1B[K6EP9^5\

MMWM]-#W*%S[8]2;2A9
WK[9Z;6Y






EZJUN[DG?_6WL=]7Y6^C\3=98&M/0W%N(5)*6:!)?XFD#

%_UM=3P=GZKC^7C.



GE2

MC8L*:9E^H*]:W_



P5ZV'/K]






#F2)(V


M-\L4DAN'K^ 8E%\_$













MW
I0YUXJ/MI)R]@O90[MA^KFZ(I/G(%Z]Z(R$4'GA%UTU!IUWJ$U]H90V[[G

74UV
M!% #2E:F;\KW5#(7(-+[[WAS2(TJS%5QD3X$GQPY WV2'VA/[+6S1C($-\?*


+.
MB#^IJ.\



MZ/%ZI.QJV!AJ#%7TE'HZA 4=2M3;,6N066PS=J!S$?IZC[R1WP=&'.1/YI
M*RAV: IZIUQP0GYP@]M47/&6@^IFQQ^C4

_MTAV?:F6$:7U5M$7
H0M_M$B^_$8)F@K

M4/X: FH.DEH^_Z&/#J4OO;1E;O^-'+Q&\ROB4DZK(4MZU77%V'^+ C 8V'
M5BJ#E;0M4P8;LF?W1)6[UVU(&L*SK52S737.4W8O?


I&-'[.GK=6OFH




$
M%     @ 

F3
MZ+KY]Z/DU

BG1]+DK+5NZTM$@L=*&S]/2J+Z/$V]++$2?FAK-'RS

M9






*[T#9:1NF2++1I)
M$#;'CEGS8BA5'1HP
Q;GLMPLEMEP[QRBRITLA2F4!ZA1%UT44+C\ 6I_U_C

LN38'Q@.:B&W8L
NP]=:GQX
$S/8Q)7A&:0QU
U5;^VWTD4W
MC







O\-
!/_7XZ1OX:TUT?;I&-:20M
%G#YT/+&%8 +


M$_B*)(%*B0)XW6CUV

MBEY&UZ SDM%?UUON +#6[OXU!+ P04      PAWA2Y72(8H4  !(!0


BYX;6Q]5$MOVS 

.6^PX



OI*U
5LO?


YBR81Y%B(G:)'L_^ ;3TC




M@S?HBAT$O

FVOU[J^=F(GK)7KA89SB+F

L\Y$R$

M;J1VH+!@UZ1WP:RT#6\;@4P=N+(VQ

M2P
$%     @ 

M965T
3


M88IT22J._WUG*%EU=A-C+^)KYIMO'AQJ?C!VYVI$#R^-TFX1U=[O;]/4E34V
MPB5FCYI.-L8VPM/2;E.WMRBJH-2HM

NY:;V2&A\MN+9I


]Z@4 Q&-?WO
:##)BN?S

J%+QPZV6D10=DZ


GUZGTO+N /QGP)P%_\@[^CT46_OZ*+QY6

M5

E8?UMCG/TK&(VGH:Z2[VN.SC,BZK_1)([CZ\!K
M-)MU8S[)P^0[BH.3??&^+9# (X6FE'O*45]7?4)SJVBMZO+
7MQ1&$=]$$_



%JL@=@&AP-PZ!D;_ON$-N&(*(Q_

M[#OLA

3



IES)N#)

\&_LSS9R_POT=C$



M%-VL077B*DG5PP--)R?P'C4KUWJFLH:P@TS%33LZ$L+]/VK=GE''K!R(EF
MF2$




2%CYHP


Y+10.H
M7[@+AK=W_2]02P
$%     @ 
(=X4FOHO

M?M958]X

T2;)1S64S
M.#_SS[[H\S.UM95LQ!=-9EO77-]=BDK=OAFP0??@JURMK7LP.C_;\)6X$O:/


-F05?9 -;PK)*[JRW H$








=B
MFK3P)^

M0


MAZV__VV6LO3U2P+V\[T[..Q7W?6'P(1AUVM1(?OA$ LC 7+HWDZ.U26$6)C
M!IMK=,CI[O^8^,BEK_#--#?CRT%_Z/BK;4G[C9JJ1U9@W32@FKC(U1IR^
M2.%\K46A5@T*4DE;X^L4JA:PXLY[)ZZ' BI M]CZD[6P:U62NFF;F:@WE;H3

RU/UC)M@K




MZ'
G765\7#5[NF#NQO?M&U4!\

MVG



X=Q?D




M(/0;URM$)%5BB:-)G$\'I
]XF$Y
M=TRZ _L



BT?(L^Q=-!OB^ 39











MR918OB5(662O-']5NLH'&6^P&

3G
Y&CZZ






)+VO.N@FR6ZV4;/5=3OJ G

MDM-TJRI194H4=.^$D\@P9X_H[S?Z^UY__P7]._[H1MFLT+8VDOY^D$^.K@J=

:XCL@5 %RO*(TH;1/
M=R^C.*%TQ#\3^DM;2U


M6?U
?KFL&8QP@7N92P-3%MAJI\V:#-
IJMR_/L*' %T[/L[VW+T]K#--HCBF

M*!H/V$;:BU(V]A'



O
M!W
FB)SZ%4N=T@?L/*#LA'[_;9PFZ1][JZ^2FR1\JR6?!?()KBI?TW:/:'8;







MO;5&DS*AB[(9:!QN@'VLZ+TPV0+M9&/N$(;HT!C7W1N.2VGF_B\ G]8@/LS)
MS=/F7\:;
%SOQ

GBFUAB)




MM07W/%_O2
$&K((K(;G

M?01*P@
   

M1A#]E0&1 GU01(J2D]20!


M/
B7\U;L^)[#EW;ML

MN/E8+[(B$F+%58@( K]'OF:E(A!H?#]B9H/)J'BZ?D;_D'R'+QOA^=JJK[(.

M+I*K21ODI(E)N0\.MQ)Z8?G9!J9)



MWK#[=L;@;# X2P:G9R+M*5CZ((TPE12*[H


MREF?IA&]FDYGHXNBH')\\=
E_4YA;VDR+GZCS_@7M)7.A[A8=;LNKI+@9$Q?
M4$..0L

ML5%



G$(+!NE3T W
N:R=M45)ZKSLEPB/JIMD9DT-S1QIT(












CW9L?A&D


BV9I\;5!1?#PYKZVB
DE\&%QV9'-6[+L

M%DC#(U=

E^;#
MTX

M)ZCW]O?OMAV[_^'MY7UB9LV5!8$K!TV&U^
(3'LA6H/T-@SA4I
;Z;LW1N



M*RAU%8[R
3*B



MILWNISS?]








M=T5-NP
??0W/.$#

M/ZAA.DU_]







ZD(6V
MSA,XN@)VF@RN)Z/!: 3P-![,KJ;-Z?223P^!KDF/^E\WZG_=JXTW05_;EAP



M;


95J%V$#)U(]F

4*





9 =<ZT@%L.&ZY)*2(H,7
!6#7UM. (

0
)<]**<])O-26 GN4Y
MH9'OM%L;)SGI_L54RQ]_87S(W\VVGT&Y05L#-0*IA8Y]\O3.P.Q 7]6C9$M

81Q'.TNT










MYBCQ]D6(KA0G4Y!**2Q)N2/D;ZHIN^K3%J]#I#[(FYYUQWC@9*EBV;R%7G97



MTP81?W
G!219.-/D2(W-!4XANP/0XC 34Z:H0@PZ
8AP7+Y3D#Y0T]H5U/EY
M*$B?GH^OZ*07=K6]T7%_^_(#@UGQJWQ\=NIYU





MQQ7@4&UP


ME8K@@Y^M7


M4A6Q*;AU+!7)



!#^*Z=HDX942)JV#%!;J06F31JL
M:AE\F/;!=2Z-A6
'VZ'EW^_LA




ME(



MRZIV:  [*W_]+:GB5UV@1'HAW^LLA#QK&D*WV[736=-%7JXWO?B*'EA0_4O
MR30Y^DHAFZ:_-0NGJ]!3UMI1APK3@GX):/P%.L\UE4N[\ ZZG\ST'U!+ P04










CE(O
+\%$;Q211$AW@C8:,1YXW.IQ@2[! [AT




)&V&#5BW



M1Y


$%     @ 
(=X4JGD

C
3^X%YM*@H'23YM
MY :72#^:A6

F/
J2'-\JQE'^W1+.9SC35/Z$BM
M-
*R75E7*B

M9$HL_R=(..TA]VR?^SP[RGB+Q1F
N&A*_ (W62@



\')Z=$\H\M8$;SCUV4E@]')Y'+9B=?JS Y&*0:W2:N



MS:/=(!(\5ZJVBV!#U
ST.8;K(0]T0W6?++6IA+$2U.&MC$H@^J5)A$T32L

MX54XL!2RPMI*78/!]2(XCV?+U/E[AY\2MW;/!J=DI?6C6WPK%D'D$D*%.3D&

M$O
3&

MY1S!E10KJ22]C.!:4&O8@M\^+#S@



P502P,$%     @ ,(=X4KT?V^T=!0  [ T  !D
M  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T




M 3


J7A;X1Z[?8^!

M&6:/!0S)R

M8

]*$%
%R#(B!(^7%(L&(0N:.D



NG:/_5IL
GU2J(9=+

V\!#YM%FCJ%C=\J$X:'(JF

'=.J[_KT

M R]1SNQ_!C4\!EIU


OZWZ+^







Q

QJ(2L




M

MX%\*]1$+U)2X(:6V5NE7T(X)2\(XALOF67
F]E=PC[1[NJ: 0M!;6I&YVV'B
M


*CK+#
MQ 5HKG*S_P%02P,$%     @ ,(=X4BM$(W*8 @  @04  !D   !X;]W;W)K






MI@WOM.9E;_#&#*Z5M+F!YEA]I(@I#;2-DNTBD[R'B.Z3%TXPZPB$4'^+IM

? =1&U@\PQ=4



.-06O^
M5^U&WG7 =HKOWR4L9I_;M:9?[I&\0+W6P7!O+*@'*S_\IHZ\GI#VM'U?SNJQ



M:&5E='

BYX;6S%66UOVS80_BN$L0$)D
8B9?FE2 (X=KJV:-K
M3IH/PS[0$FUSD427I/(R[

AKE@Y*X2SROWTTH
M3SL79_FS&WEQ)C(=\Y3=2*2R)*'RY9+%XNF\@SNO#V9\M=;F0??B;$-7;
[T


MB%C




MHVN1ZK55VG$(LOXB7L\)@X'72G8HB\
G1)G!X_9^DI\KT31#P\O)M/T=$O
MMK@F;B]3%H(7;+P0K_2BUE0R9?$U/=@7'CE\;87K5PGAY\Y[NQ(B2Q9
-O(

\KX)9\-ZVT;]
M4=-N*YR@B=PAG



JG &SG#*
J70C(4
LF@10\*
8Y [DRL(A!--)(NX1E^$

M3!P_E?.J1BV\ZJ-OFVT._M'%?B1$SSH,ZAO6E(;OJ!;25-%BW!^@]8$'1GN
MCT\@-AKSO^QE?]2N,98T:EOM)A][M49ZS@AF[)&EF9/=TD/SRQ@/1Q:*K9:!
M-]R-LZ'EV(ES'@N=K\T/C!7B#8F3$


73/]1I2!P=H2E_L

;%;
L?1(Y.:*\/\U3-TY



1Q#@QOQ
M.#-[$S1G829SP8-9#N/
:.


M+8?WU-0'?11M4@1MVS\-+)?B+;)CCP'-)
:HDC;HF;K_EF8_3--!4?X4]L


MEK(JNH

PXA









M5WY'2-&?) 8M1*CDQ(?R'^2G.D5W0JKZ*&E]+:6%O-[

MI_

MG8T/VG;3WU-W&'(@SM\QCP*I8\Y3#50/M'XB[6IKVY/*K?;6IV3GM?O^IZF_

M='
(!@Z<3V+*F/J

M:U0I+[)
[B-$G&
2=41/.I7]NH^50VAE&!

6XOFT)B5NT7RJ-\K.XH24XY4RE 83&+

Z6EH(6
M-/P++9

%25L)*




X#E_/_T$P._ZIY'.J


=B(_L@Z

M&GQXT=K/K_#6Q-=$E=0:!\/IB:#WN 5&N


0
1U@ 8Y;(R/C?

Y[
B!Z;6H?T/KY]KR98(I]T5U

F=K231)$REJ

$*A'_H#\
6W

M$7H /4*/0A

2B;
M*]M
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,V+GAM;+56
MRT[C,!3]%2MB 1*0=QI0&PE:T !4\' +$:S<)/;QL*)@^VT\/=C)R&$-JTZ



\_=+H&PU
FSCX\
#



M\T0

0E_I678S

'3K]X
MOQ7O[Q3_#F)*0CTYPZR&?_.S99T'(&W[+)@HWT?&?=@LT8-QCT6S!HY0YV


M='

MG#86CIW9#BW_?L=.B$*;(FX2?YSW]7../Y*M5
^Z #!D5W*A9UYA3'7E^SHK




 C6:V-
M+%LQ$I1

M.#5FPX3=Q:51.




KQIEAH
_)
MO%8*A#DGC])0/D0;'^Y@'.W1'L9



X+GAM;+57




((9(&Q

__8P@3@VEI#'/Z51IUK3 .O/']8_




@MF%+?*[Y!N
04S


Z^P;%.Y5C'ZMAB^B5/J5839-
M
\G3#9F#Y&+5(E]9G$&KYC81Z]-4A @1FH-J8EPL'%S+N%LQ[MH9;YD$



%]T425 1CB



+%26/(E.VG\_27:-
M;$BRBT5*?(^/%JETK_2+J1 )7FLAS2RHB)II&)JBPIJ9D6I0VI.-TC4CZ^IM



S@0HD?O*1J
M%GP(H





*AW&&1P1LYXD#/^GYSD


MCFORX8G*_@!02P
$%     @ 


MS=Q$]KMBJ\
@QHD$M8TB+O=##
6N5V.UUXEIL%KK9
+J=S=\A3/4CYN)I)&5

(

PD\OGY%OS&'I\/



M*#



;+
$]GZ#D@2-5ZG%V\X%(L+Q])[X%2J(MT34$] YJ8S7._V6*V

M/T9TPO=DHEH5
75/*;CM4Z;N:48;G5*F7L[4^QC3VX#/@S#0^PMX$)J'18R]


2FA^I




2YX;6R-E6UOFS 0Q[^*A?:BE=;R


M29-F;:'21-:&
P$+171=EE2]7P&7FYGC.Q\+CVQ=&+O@IDE%U_ $YJ5:*)RY


B
]4#Q

MZ/*)K+]

K


%0QO4I^4*8(
^%K#4J=.(:3
$&XF9=N%=MN

50T


VP3'%:H\L['F(1JFV@[
;)J&M=2&FR#S;# _PXH:X#[*XG-
&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0R+GAM;,5:W6[;N!)^%<+8@VV!U!;U8]E%$BUDTT6

/A?

M/? 5Q@(\1F'
3WHK(=8?!P
^7^$(\3Y=XUB^65 6(2%OV7+ UPRC(!6*PH%M

G'-+M20_V=@]NR'(EU(/!Z?$:
M+?$M%E_6

L$ DYN
./(D'A^^.!D(

M-H#=

#O2=@'MG\$;
NVOMQ.P;M?WG
U%J_I:]+2%XK[P()[?=7T
NV@$4Q[


H7B)98P4X/X)E-O-T%/Z^&R+
M6' $_E@K 2XO$L$%B@


2$Z9@Z\H3' =F$RS80F
M!RU+ \J\JMIJ7&ZTA]HM4+L_#?7Y(V9SPM%]B#NA=BM3*(F]@KK::MB(VBM0

FYLQ#-4RO4$9A?NP0K3GMA

MQ(1R43=ATU%%%3AR&C49%YJ



SC]^M
M

T
MT]/^J@

]Q;PY;3

[O2@-=R8Y6P[/%5O$Y$[LQ*2C)]!S^P2QM&
UVTV.VHJDRM
M*;-!1N6LL.]!O\&0FA-L






M#U;6B&BB6J2%\EKXPY;=9 ZVV@PVIZN.)C#'3& 5[^OB3IIH'#/1M!HNBQ;@
MFXSL*QQF.[4[])@]H*$*H^/^Y L,R_L6JATJM0$_;'=L--U-#TY9GHZVV&

M+5JSRF[?LOYCFFC-H^[!S[%:X(%K]$BB)*J%:58.6FTX-:FZ+:7)MW3HW1QO
M$ G5
6T:
7Y+=TF=W;E:RAR.?1N.[09WU@3OF@F^+3Y(M5I#9L9 G4**)FJW
MY8CJ]3


4BMV-^@BS^-+X]/]02P,$%     @ ,(=X4LTHLH,R P  Y@L
M !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-#



K55VXKDQS*(@\YQ64^LV
BX(H/15S5U82&:-N9B
MS^NY!:&E

M!-2/ZD[HF=MZR6@!I:2\1 )F0^?2OQC[H3&P.QXHK.36&)E4IIP_FLG7;.AX
MA@@8I

6&D3.$3*A?%%(11I?:-3FC9#$_1+]05L.:O_4?6

D26(/3?L$:1$HEH$K0%QGQADC

P








$%
M  @ 

M3H!^?$E)%N6-1-F*[ ?K8G'FS'#F''L\VS'^)#:42O 21XFX'&RD3#\YCEAN



/:D+[X&EP-7(Z(174IM@JC#

M?1O*5WU;LN43N$MU@6XVTHA21*$R1JH [AYH7P9K*(*/AP324)(_%QYD@%






IR


M?D!]OF)

MVFE[Z%05K=

M )H\ICQ34R?1.C]W714FD%+5%CEDN!

WI2QS

0
M+D'^P+UWQ7*W*

M29_YC8B7$+9)MW-&?


M7A(_*P7EA+

?DRT8QW4'






^ZLA5RH


CCJ01UJC5-8'V\0?]LD\=DIE3!4&2_6:+3KG/CD 1F=)7I!['^
MF538





^G!5OC'9KO









+!*21LUW;O%]T
DXJA0US4B(LZF?ZI


MP06NB#+H1W2@5-7QJHF1A6L:2VFH!;EA2C\)J*P!?5]):ASUQ&[0_';
_P!0
M2P
$%     @ 

]G2%
MBG;6VDCFR#2;V%8&61% 4L19DES&DG$5C8?!MS3CH:Z=X J7!FPM)3
O4Q1Z



MU?S9KNW#'B]/ #(6D#V'C X .BW@'X0VE069,V98^.AT5LP/IK8_+T)J!)
?CE23K]K;3_P#0[RK<E3P(Q4


ZMN?]$SL6T6B)]^Z^
M1+

MC]



:2WK@N?W_CGT[GHY4(,KQ7^RTM:+Z$,$
M)1YIR^U6=5]PZ.?6\Q6*F_%KL^=WT90M
8J
8= L%DO]+GX1S. ,GLB 9




MI+
))'$2[W=KN'GSBH4X[6








G*D%2GHS53ICEK9Z%IJ%1I9ZITR$


!Q9;;6X)A
E'ITFZNT&T0.
M$ I





M18[X0(YJ##=*VKF!#S+%=#= 2(!+U/$SZLOX:
0A)F=0JU8@CN)H#Z#!F]VK
MYT?@U
HBUGR\^H%X#TSDS*NR+^A:
)E@!88X1:TQ=16%OC%H*Z[&=-4
NOH6
MJ]



PPB7*'&&



M:&5E=#4Q+GAM;(V4WV_:
!#'_Q4KZD

E[D7

M40+'DZV0!=5HRIVK2@DTM:(B=P//F[H%9=R)([NWDG$D*ITS#BM)5%445/Z9


\9C.'
\ 00Z)-A$H?O:P@#PW@1#C=QO3Z:XTPO[Z$/V;
L4VT(;-I+:FF<21%3:3QQFAF8=_&

MN;I!M]?UDEQ?W9 KPCAYR42E*$]5Y&ID

:0WND4LV8R5QMBM)VY$1K[
MWXSG


!#'OXH5]44K


]@1Q%='!$DK2 X%@R.M!6D
MOM&S)<UY<CSS.@M





JZF0:'U


M-I%BCZ1=;=ALPYV-0QLUE-M;?-+2S%*#T[

?)I$V9EBR**VWG%=;XC-;)A@]JX+A3[Q#+)C
M@LC8WXC [R+FV,MX!VF(NLDUPC&.6PQ:_#,\&7O,Z39GVG5\O3-\]Y!) PI
M3?1._F&I#G!MH/R\^ DC..K-CW_CSL2TFN$]+Q$2S!PH%KE-$\!PD\!=6F

/!
M7]94



P$(9?Q8JX  G(H6E#

MN%E[4$DLUX8S 0^*Z'594O5^ US6

M*!DK06@F!5&0SYP?_O4\LO:-P0N#6N^
B57R*N6;G=QE

93U3^CT

MULA:4$.36


M@L;I7):5%

M%\A]FR *AA'#'C$\BOC;%*#.;6*'H

-*X1QH?17J2!C]Z








MB!?27



[^*#$O@T1YP*/W





RRY0BO-


_ 1 Z )\G'+M#
]$)[+]%^!=02P
$%     @ 
(=X


MI
M$F0$W'.1D5-03_F#T#VW8HEI!DQ2SI Q= 9^9=C'QN C?A!82.WVLA8

-FQN+UFXH
]LX
M54+/4HU3X3U7@'P?G:






M;*U5RV[;


MR\(=7V^




MXIS./RPR./MT/O8-R;!D?MZ6O&Y*1B=*3FLU@BY@B(@G?@LWYXAOD XO D





M8-DY63W

MZEIZ\Q]$K0RWC+9@2\@

M&4.3WI*G9WG
:;

ME.$2;KC2LJ!#FR*?;QB5$VZ4*FCG+.6@[$K3KSTK/48'H89Q+_;Z@^90^W6H

_C?-9T
7M4TZ
:1%\5'
MH;H'S25'N;9-6D%B






MYOD2[D:5(8#&J

MII-Q'=#?57/:N[*OTPU*_J#
YY6=CJS[4*CL1K.
K^O^.NL
8.I]7)V6I=A\

M'*'GO[O..9-
4[%KVM;^6U[E5SN.+O^5Y?J_RJ%AK\?F
'OK)H?'8#(^!I-'

FGQS5M[0
MN7VEW=.WXU.6T94P=QTX(=OV-Y;R59%THVY@(9I1V_97F%X_[EZQ;XN4[9F




M:4A+
P[PS=)_





M7%E+U3 #2;69Z)WBK-);
MSDU33[+I=#9IF&B33Q_W=2W4Q$U(PTLC9 N9-N.;X_ZUW6;),]BY6HA7F;

ME:UTGV/8ZA\&(/-D-H4*UT)ITY?HZV? ^
RA\)#JC/PB:L/5#3/\+R6[G6@W






M678KJ2K1

MZ2$O^B[9-
(



M*DN^Z2/P0-B-.26-(9746F7!WJ^\HG\6G&1A1M\8X;)8A@FM8J!B5'S[YUM
MSENK06]]@'DF&]DS2[%I!91E=JE5EK*S(V5#%A#\E,+KE1FZCHEAFUHXP6-




[I+B@I9B$:PT*AT


MH9U
#-C)T\7$+%3T





   !;







.T_[*C\X?RHP%IID/WKJ03LS3X7'O1]*OGKI4B'RLQS_Q
M(S&5/OK[J#_MDLI?9J?M?;9^/9Q'8
/M^#W^?

M15:-(JM&D56CR*I19-4HLNK_E/7)VO5?_]O0W_/6U-U[/AM^(+EZ!5!+ 0(4


(=X4JB^F]GO    *P(  !$

(=X

              ( !S0$  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
M
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      PAWA2XXP?^E0$  !=$   &
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ ,(=X
M4J0K%5B/!0  $Q8  !@              (!F P  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O

4



4      PAWA2R\8E'A    ?

M4$L! A0#%     @ 


M.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      PAWA2'-]$M*0  W!0  &0



HGE? 



M4$L! A0#%     @ 
(=X4FOHO


!0  APT  !D              (!8%@  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='





2YX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      PAWA2JL=.
_P0  #O
@  &0              @(&9
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ ,(=X4HMZN+1 @  V00  !D
%(@5VYC4P(  -\$   9


M A0#%     @ 

4      PAWA2FM[@D6D



O

YX;6Q02P$% 



(=X4M&)GP#  @  \ 8

%+8J1]=
M)@(  $

M

(=X4HO.:^;6 @  Q @  !D











M970T
%(MAX1IG@0  49   9               @;W  !X;]W;W)K<VAE

(=X4N3?IZ+T @  N@D  !D

M% 




&UL4$L! A0#%
M  @ ,(=X4OBO&DY4 @  YP4  !D              (!1-D  'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='




M-YX;6Q02P$% 



(=X4D]N5:YF @  0 8  !D

4

  /01
M   -                7'P  !X;]S='EL97

M

  %]R96QS+RYR96QS
M4$L! A0#%     @ 


end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001437749-21-007037-xbrl.zip

#(P
3(S
2YX




M]PS[


MK[]Y[KT_!Z7AE-N;]+\8L.HV:GA=F#>)5#AS/7*30DT]Q7N1&,R8;:4NFBP
M) BIT;-3?X:Y/&/B6W
Y[KU






CW-( 7V& ;S1
M_#Z^+OZ\
SP++A90ESW8AU\6!DH7;_'GO.'S ;YGUFSNO]6 +Y@E7J
?X3O?
M@/M4?(=/S$&
EK/WSG&@-S 2_J4E__A/8['\Q1GS9?6?=EMR@G2T).UH1#R:



0'Y!9V)
E4!!^9&W=




M$@-!M22HQLQV[P^'.3Q]!-QY57-\==


&'T/8[
MAN'01 .4/+?@_ +MFFQ*+
X<FZ$G#'Z#]X3$@-\@
TI('UP#
&$AX?3+S7*MZ7?JHL0427K'T0'T\VX*'* /
MFRXGN(0]9A-7,83+V)2SF-(Q(AJ@*HVQCVAXW68)2*A)$TK('8 I@ _9%
M9YT.)&+.!1YFH4Z! BD/Y8PU1)]K%\)\.@&MM^@9R:&YZUPN],B2KS4O*W(
ME4^ Y6!(RBR&*AXDB\\&+22I]1U@GQN]WA!UO33UW0,SGI#I#^!74RA%VD@




)NO
MBP@NH(3 )5NE6C+$E8X-.SQ&PMB]%+X8+;4W#B
Y+5]..LCRA\/UU5=G9OQ)


M+BJ4=MR PX;SUV]/:6NBSSX=9#1S
ZW!
&M$
1RSID)= #GL_




[P[89YS#=QMLMHA EK$=.N]



.XRL


$\C8_G^RGRQ\P$7D6[N
M$G-V*8)!QE!





M]H&B-'@PQ6 


X?7BR

*\GS*&P8+E4+$72


SL^!S]Q)J#U8#B!/@=F!KDD3= 9

VG=X

MEQN:2!W';8RWE7(L83D
P' 7H M_CN-&&V&:!L%'DGX8('CUS\\?FE7))6E%


4TH60@+=R_D9R4

M1\4H1


MI9LOT#EY


M5:F1-+]9_

;T71!JL





 PRC$3'6


'H;MX+V)#69D4)HG?!91)C#&0MP;W@(
*PC<9S#$; BA2!D=3K!D&-65;%2VM
M)4/@DRV**'Z'WC:Q*[ U%EV(L*BI@]D5
#5
@LE)'O



ZIBVXQ
M-QX([I%'^W;.@(GHGRE,P[IC^.-69W9G@^.VU0V1==RE)Y%NNSXZOSXQ\D.




M6G\O1@
+
Y$2W.'#NC^


3H)/!

Z





XGLS1VM^#?M03
M^ @.]%==9;CTT4ZJ6MM]75/=
Z6ZQU?G2E!=+;9O

MS_7)YTV]!Y %X@9T91\CO3?H[ XD1F:$*:+O98;HSKCL=]KJ(C3]+) ;IMX+


M



(/#[6A??NT#/IUGY9ZQ)

VJK!('&/8BT,4/!?])CA<N-SU^-Q:
MPO/8L$&&'YI83]@267?FN?8A;J^#D^.WD]669.%9+7AAH8

M3XW4-MVS:)F:D45AA165?^KU!@VXVU*35[BRGWKZ$






Y-7H\

YZI8)X?YKAKSW5&OW]*?(.:/3?
9]V'\:P'\]Y3X







C2!N!GPOECK_!WMO3%


M@3IF_CUB.1#CXEC)UQ/[P&QK 3!*;*:(_9%BNXI=JNF+^!+DOPO'Q'\P[/_.
 ?KB5;0OP
M!=?R'[_)ES$T#W'9.)15*0<337LV!TN/]=#P2%A6%1L?0%YDY9_JK6'!_
M[K%T@=\%/#3G.#%(



X?##W)FD-FKK^9^[
M29^/3$MV+EW'8:3P8V;VM0<+\]FU;4S(S+#5$=+M;'!WKGF&]EQN!G=H<!&
M$E[VQ!-FS)GDMTLLKDER?3#J]4?'R*(^@+1[--D_M_ZH6N+I?J/^VVX@3U


[*
]0N/L^M5




%
M!SZ#K^!-


M?+P#[BV[
K[LN'Z*4.D6
J+[113@+F94!(1'(!;X2T-06Y@M0E8BW)QN8/







M6D




M+@W'


M$G4^E)OT5Q3G%C[&XBUV]D1KW0EB?I8#+SD^L)C0WC(

8Z#
SVIW]X99
 C<7LD*%?BM*.!93%-^
M#.)3GLZ6C



M74=!3


MUAA\FGG&XI*22B9%6*/:/#3:0.9!6Q:*]IF


GRWM


M5/FWFG ;
O1F\-\\#*LZK!K04QL=.H/
A:V 
'\AM\:#:+21OXKMEN=^:X
]





1VZ!*;[W^UD'8'^8B
MYT\96U+@8BP 




FS#C$ON+DR4C)(7YE
2L


7IW5%CV.XVUL872[F7



M


MX#N)X




Q)M.RW

3AO7O&7

M,J&=A2DM*X

M:593%ZT1^$M%SJ/USB4VNV

MT &0&^/*/6Q4N^!VWH)E?EMFI;@N;L&!
Y2$LH:
1LX8
6[6!\R@R7(BK!+&
M#MCS1



J 4ZME1'48

M^;%ON%L








MOOM^?G

'-E?F(S')&$$!0.1
Q+^3&8U:9]*E?5)U2HB;4 *X0 -M9D1
M8

M9Z#B^BX1 DC8S()%H' FLC9I(-U43#
CF9-$;F3&81U)&U
&&Z1..I WJ'

MJ&K271L==?HGF9&44D





M(=D[C NHRHB\



D9-8'([


X1#)B9BZH5


ME(NQ
7KFD52!762GC/1%FC
:A\


T



\

!9$J))(+QTR/@OG__NIWYL]=^ 53 G9*



M)72@R9.51']-=^,Z/31$RZ-[Z7F'D;Z]7&QN0'&D@=LPDTY7IO:6?;K6Y#

H9Z




M$Y743I





2M4&WY^W3DC+$YA'GL3OA+9OSXAY+4G)CZYYI
MQ[W<BGI^E N68P!+4 BFU=SR)4

MS&%3JW!YN_HT'MN$=3J'\=1VKR8002]]ND32&UC+,&V+T6G8LO19 \IU]$,
M#'+!]F@UIS[1@_A*'YP/3Z6:7U1GQ)EM#OGCUHK!:I#\;K[#]'TG1SX$1





R6K/N6%


@_.M4^RP8\8F\'6F5GZV/5P:Q\ [

33$Q.))P@VYB-)@)+$X@L!B:0U9EXQKRANGX0$7_ K^



GFL1:DOG%-0LJPK\I
M


@D;.

+Y
W7E5V#VF_

HN_#2[

?'S 3A;T7.ASI@O#&-S:%

MM]O6!\V FV?OV@/0[7


&V.EI$C'
D/G

MDBS9\!@F:0GAG[QDZ'BRK1_
7@F'465B83J0!1 R#LWKS!0*3KC98AG%J!V.
MCAV8\!3CP'%QHPC!8Y2:[YB@6+*PPA])2SD/EEBI*QHT:1F
[0C&#^8(T5O

M
VX $0




M4U $O(


'E_=7U&?^=U
[D$CY__92D





RU
1FJ@\PI-EIC30YD22[AB
M#5C.3!E GW0JJ_W&@]SB(K?$!-?F7\U_19F+0=S5:A8*6..F9;U]=3[9




6IY/)55S@\






XRA6&T3_JH3Y&%'UW
'AL
;AT


M=J+?4KPZ:NCL
T=\1ZOWYZ#'S^8' &E(T=2]\Q18%UPS-!D4GT(\ 2M25.]9




MVU5DQ



_;

M)

MC15FTCRAXWPRY_1(R33U7?D$#EO)A)HG=-SJVW.?G)J32ZJI;\W#Y-4\I1-=
M-ZBH)K7F='-KTJ?\A;6GT





:1 N
M'//&!S3-71M$)OX1F#IPIQU0,UB9M3J=51PY4Z_)[ %D#A0(G$T[+6K ?92




^F=?323=+'-
 *4&5V;K R5]8Z%I
M^FIZ'69


S7



@.EQA#YMO!M WL\&6-;M!+#[J.&%Z6 7EY\






]?(DBCAC$)D5S[GX





9Q13;F;
[FV*N4
MC


0%([HGIW:Z
EDGV^J77(JR#L$XX!8QTP+.MSR37]HJ^)7Y6.W@
M6JK&[U??85\^.Y\L!Q@ 4



M?9#?4A?E;;9'H[43'L];!J12*&RI:SHWVX/!\& @_7D3QIP(CSI&3[D.BA/2

]-XW-B'+:W2NM5E@D3VI2.CH
M:=KOZ9V_ ]?_)0-!_




M*F%A2CX $@3:@2GX&^X_809&Y*+[?SH5X?PT[#(8PTH3


M?!N! [- X*@S#L0-@T8V/=TZ# % $*-TMHZT
38RKZ?QJ=SKAZ:'&3_'J
MK!X[*TP!1H7\\;\#AV&:0S^'.0*K.PAWT_N'HV]D^9N
6^/0SGY6^U2&/51
M
]AN6D1;X*N#6#1(5JY'63I<3))R.<%NB#





FTG
[N+T--ULAS3?CY$I&:YY<-/;^FLQ
M?]

MH48]U@DH7'3RJ^LTA95!9-((



U
^OC9\OF05
M_;0967V'U];/FFJ?#=76+/;I$VM2+(Q;GR77E8H%+QWDG0T3]QF_-E;X(8S
M4333!U$?,?J;F.0[3+14@:]Z]UA)Q/VOA'0_585%1ZI9E7*
A%ZMS.H9E7?

GN[4HZ/65E+!W++RD@WPY



M1D

P

WS?9G\8' LF

MH]8G%.QX=S#W%-;4]8X'BFM--?V^T.:*;;V=1-KTY-=AR?Q]KPDU]?4V;6LX

M(RV] %-I;Q6]:-MT%8HU9:339==2##'J90O6-+0S+7_$0Z&KK765G*'D


MG0U- O31GG B3?'][O2V\I[*Z@IY


J

6*N_M5*C\\5==HK2YDKYZ2N99D+X*

M!1B 4OM\;++8U)%&:=L_Y':&YI2KJ3BG =86?[2Y0H3SZIZXF/&VP 7:67








MDONO9ZVS3/.!;.N!*&THW0&@]W-.]D^*J61W.Z_-0'[O /A/H31Q^?2&A.TU
M&$KDD!UZW%T*_FZ==[]R!E6?WL1ZY'*.R?777\NFIV_DGI70@;IR3DUT+X;H







M&-?+B/S&






M3X^=%-NK_)[52N_S(3X7L)=F;'L%+8*[V *;O4-9 4^L5-%CZXZ%^6/5P]95






M!M)M(.P-\E;
 LC*CN+-?G\TS*W+,AWS D8=E_!- \8^(C\5X&'&X2YNU;
M+6/0K:ME5!(YJZK)T#Y&X&Q:Z!'IK()NJ.+ S+&R-C'5YQ=3FN%VSC2L)V8X



$&\3E?F@6A^\-7S

M\5VT$5L3GT:Q3M\KL
(R\!(19GIC9S7=ABU]


3+Q


&DG?
MUD0!NKF2]S('C/ I7J2& ELODW<SIGUU_<I$UU/2[(W;(:6!GB(

MQ]RXPPAC*7UBK$0@Q2\0?BO:6M=)
]D5&OQ@)['$72









M*&(ZA=N+



M5)L;!D4ZQ2 %F WW]5S[M'Y3IKGU0:[
_ L!P*Y\[O5+%!E 9(\QD.D DR$9

M)A5=.\F[421



M:[@:00RDK3PW6!9H>6DG:I62J(5\S!*($P?[5$4GJD&%L%J#
_A0E Z ;R
I8B4-P\8Y-841*)C_HMERHEC+,Z^,#'5@
M7U% QOM5W(+IPF


MM:29GFM+_:HE.^:3 TT4F[! @
;2R_GU;V9682
!$F0#) #6A
=FDUBJLI[*




4&[7T4M/'CWX45?1K+FBRQP(<L-X%-E
M@0N)N-HB3A:X.' B%2MP\6&Y
NUG!I*366QN--
SV*!#WLEH8Z]5[(Q78N3D
M&!E7'2
R#B#'=^D1)T]8!KOC





!UNOZ2B0)=6




MM*;'ER=G%)4@
9@'@X

MG4;&;
0+2_!GC14,@R53\PKWDPYR.8^D6^B] #7WHG'
MF<)UBF0&_UU:N\[#Z'0D*TA7$*\UA _+.I[KV#MK(CO#_
YFWG& POCQK]H


M





M$Q%:TFA2C03# P'P]7G%

!&HYXH;TI?_U*9RX%;)SF:;&M0CNRH(Y
@.8N1

MCC'S&


UWYD'?S7 S]9D

3W%2E:U:K*=E.)FVQI.*5'BLUOI)3TN27??/P]/21U?G&I@X$E+\N9Z





M?M=

AWP

TRA49IWUK



/:^OSXR'63:XA
M'QC L!NSJMK9E#T!?B,4%?WIL#D+TC7UAQIB2#;V&]YRND5LV[)/592&;_8


RJ&[R-I5&(9#%D6=

T7[C!-^]$E6]M;V+X+DW=?OZD2+B-A5*UBV2EQU?_7-:$N/K%
MAD*ZTS[N3*ZNF09NU


M6&!E!M/W'*

38N7=\[M^]_YZC=67$GN,2BQ&)5
MLA-@AT'

M BV)]/JH3

(
MTM7*L9^




V.Q@E^_

NNK%VYO!?W91X+#9-8MN
M?XHAT&57IC&?BR_2R#H LJKU)ZLZB?99\#%)UB_P 

D




M_E%AMY
J-5BG@\&J9E@(FPMS(O!^]CW7 ]
6F/ :6;ZPI698\/T5$
/19AY(
MBJ_






MK?39-%

M..+H!.$



M9*8*OP03^W9(D_AK&/XP90;=0VFA1#.&XEVYTB+,+Y04@/K 45!ELJOQEQ

MW(-2
T,-X'%

7=FJLB


M[X.N/1E+?WFT)J/9W9V+Z.&28Z9[TM3=J_E2J9W

IKKI6*XMP\UBYMC'N*N
M-R+]9H&=$.L C$!R$T_]@@/]U7YD#O]D+ TO%V!?
(!WSYM#(-S3I\\6VX7U



M4BY/N2QNF-U
M3_



OI13]K=?KO7WW9F
M\*VL\=[N/.^[6_?/T+SQ/ @GS!;WR


M)LC[U?# S)Q?@TKQ8.B^9M(]GVR+B95[;SALYMF.FX/@&;L*6'F*7ED(/8Y&
MYR343TMG-:



M^V3T0TC3[]#&7OXNVHEN0!(?9 

MO#
UNF<X^9DN9O7+A<VYL%L# _8Y7-B(4#I#
MFH?-:F-]6M%\Z57F)DN 2?<VIU

1MXB\N[T:PB(/_J&.YB+58

?N#0M'^$Z#QU79=LLX





M3

M2ZKVCB\UZ#X0YX:+6Q*8@(NI R%N0$13VQ+Z)HN]GM$21;ON*W \Y#O+E68]
M(_@C4@$3G!N69LT
8%$NLD

M'PDL%AZR



 -P@156I[JK35H)P
MCPSV&@@1T$NX-($/;09+_J93.QTXN._02JI

.HF*[0JLE1G(

P( &PP4-=2

)=P_.%3]!AI-'Y\$('S%R+JVYW

(^1R7SGNP %%RQU4X

M^94DCR@$ILV-+ V_4V=. 9E@^*

 )1F'30F[O\(Y F\R_57J(AOB!J+
9W

  D

M 9/




M.6'















M=1(QSP:\@L[I_A*N9U+DLRD6ZF-W/C]5*$DXD)I'3FETFL$
/=MY!O/5](7N


M71M;O!;
TIY];_-#KED\WT)0/O4EP@4'BB8/T(
;@45K3^' 0M3
N'+*70H

VK(1
:'J=V

5ME/@ES IR ]5

K\+G @#@/4_C2#FWAQ28YYY
\?^4[LP7ZR+D-OHZ L]I_I]+(
ML(8F\6H6.]C1

XR^EL14*CW #M3%&ZX4!%C P%7C)KQ14=29SYK!3C-&K0\
7[+8

.CK#(Z8QH







MW+*B_EN#27^##D7&_

;^N/--S0EZRB9AK*VQ*D+BXL9.%1TH3!JY)9!D#
]

:P8ZB G)PA):1


HM2-


-?.&**N(@$QQDMM7O+\*B6P)Q[



MS&-N[PC:OUQT+Y09
\T51I);]^'?[DJ;!7^+ ?/7M1VNT:C='P)RA:7/?D[

M9'
B


MX

+F6A%3JJ/%VM0;K!
JXQ2+NNE'X)X-  #UBM:%9;V
_DA


MEI9OE5B(8W/)&%V:NJ.:$]8M(*@#LH[SDW+
-=
%VYMVU1056C:F04 ^2
M]TS[D5?DP(ISF,1D,4]4,Z*X))$X2BEBHC90KX0QG1%

M4@3#.A$=Y0I?$(^IY]TUQ8NQ.&M!NWHCDZ9=7*6?S6=C[M@=MM;J*%\22\ 3






8=WFXDY






M1L&I^



MM2*\*53LAY.U\1*\A1LM./RMB&,A(=M4TH?@ 1M+A;KAP&O
S%:KR\!8-X
MF:@?G?(R@T8=%GA.]%






M-Z)8IXN=.':&%\%G?=I6%+:=$R



M^VB!H;PP5F2#@74









&]_JI WTDO60T)52M1D

MH\)
Q9)/'6Z0CXIJ;-*!#)I0(TJJ+T C4FRCBB7KJEVPG\&ROZ=VL;&6DA\T

I

)_/(PFDJ
MVCH)BVRH/ARF-/DN4'

MN

MWS[WG
!K17H:^3RBALI)1PR:HF@S6#-LJ!P&E8
Z\HU04')PE0F;V'KK5P#
M3'IL KU#%//AL8QZBI.)0N4WQ\$/ ^!MX0,R7LLS#)BE\=-5N(,2F+I#G&'

MYFY+


MAJS'YX2=RVW0

H5
M^O-#3-$XM

S
M.I%




Q1/V24+J3C1BK2A!K24!&JUY:.#%%A.EQ*Y?'7J05YX@/JX6.
M;Y1G\2C0+&B0\$M)2HVB]X \;[ \4A.

^LKA?96[ZLS( #3UOWW-\9A#6,:NRX_5A4M



M5E/$F-!'X2DFOY)F61BDR+^B.'\ AZGY%IXI HM_# -5L/H4A@52.GDL]7]E
MK!@./IZTS^




*(ZL@)KSRG=J)









M;/4#?3.RM;5!N.91V11AUSM2=J^@1A;XF*(.1
(8_EG:@Q(0+;@H@Y:CQ+
M8P9FGBK;_-A4MB;S0;#AUJQ?DG41)NG*DN0?UUP5)MCZ1$

M8P=GBOS

^)C66EDP)P97NXE+@X7!2&J=^A/(59UF-KQNE'

MWU%T3Y\& %[N0Q;*-]HAGYM76DK
M).UOI)I=8

MO!U
M]T=MWOC^



M 
ZTB65MHX




8 NL^IDLIFQ8

M=D[A%$T
W
C#88;34:9G9= ?3S?'FWCAW@/:2;[A=)Q)OK':2[%#7CB@R?&-


MVJ/1=)(BU5XVCQ.8@9-







T
&;\_GQHP:2^L!#VSQRE.F



$EL15')CRICE)J36Y2V/%S78V:F










MG$Q;XTG_]**@DDLH73%KG+M_-JZ81NK^XA0$(U9:DDW79M_U6L/!H-6;2L^

MB@8JBO#A6&A]UN[


L

JB#NI
R2
JL9)FU% W*#4A:]

1#*2;?DIO=&@-:Q#UH$$R:E 
NR
CY_VW5!\

1'_45



MK
1VKO;^

MR-#3-4QH$!(EF]L:S3X\?1


=0#&]Z$%4%YB@;26*BC/3'-:RJ/A

8IKO08'R\587YC$6S7'^V$*.[8_B%SCSF '.$(=X]PZP?##TH





8%G
TO;_T*S0:

MXVB#OY


BG/I&Y7(;1AR


M=H+LBQ4
Q]859A69HK*IFB:3US1+IY=KHK\VST]9:6#MP7A$-E5Q=/Y'M]-/


$5





M!Y
9Y:++52NTH($74G6/N6





MFP'!/'E
4E



-Z

)HT_%&UA'R_C
MN6IK=O(!2-#LSEBNU)I5U&6CA#I5-1*7/P1:LXZ%4AEHV\\&
X_1L;(
Z_Y(


M5YIMN=),5:OI@+@K^6FKNBF'G:.'T#8T#G1N)C5!ECHGX'$U5@R'^LAQGQ

-(C


/'7TR47#4)[C


MIK!_M@H3


M[H\!4!-O?*.\TEX7M0#JD#2


M8?F




;RUB 2_K^M
\(A(


M


MCX)AQ@+*JTB(JDHGAE6V1!HN&*6YR*8GK)
PC' *5FA;[G)7:Q*E)^C(;I






!A^\T

GB6



[C&1UN=KVIVFR\O=]0@_TVS6Q'7Y7]


E&=BF8Z

M\P\B6-'=.SA\.);!X?*)E7YB23))C?+R\\R@N.#P;[PD:1!@G)E

M
(2YQXF:0Q@XB/X*2K02-2HU$T8%7V#2-O+NOWT#LY]@)-H]SW?W;/CK.U.T

M0M-8&KP\%M:/PQ0SVWFFC'$24O1&6!F1J6BX.(',=3P AZP*VK2T4JT8C]J
MR8CS2 G \&'*,U@!L[+IVMCBM7AV79M'Z,_L)5*;/U%0/O4E] Z=B4!CH!H



M
KZ_X%@

8%0)




'%V!
F
M\5N*ALF@K4[B'R5
8/PCX@^4SG89*'._$<2;5)(*/CNM5K9$
M\184O\@_(9%<.)+%F85$[D[D)B@ED9J.U(2CMGER/MWG*B7S2UR)A$:B9#4

M[2)6!

05QJ^/=OB%W#OUVCMY




M
M
TK'N@ZV^@?#%
%3\?4.V:O

&3=I;A?&:L6)^2_-
MTDW*




M@T; .+[=2BQ$I6JBC[7
H










MOQ4I^%MKL

?B?4R9P4#


GF1Y'Q[@7U$Y

MU_

M(





M   1    :G-D82TR
#(P
3(S



]6'9IF3*IA.[%E#L.A*'\_7C



M#_9T6_O=SK=]I]?+F]5VU;:V WC0(IQ3O!T+_R]B+E[_?AG=X$TOV.T^DZ

M



[!2TYWOXX4E6.PRA1:PC;S991=6=DWNNG)-%PNR/




M#U*GK

MC_7J*@4D/. ;K--(L+HZ 4D$.?E2GL(.[J !X; VAVQ

M?R['#HY%

M-/#(1\667$S8OFO/\)H3(XZ8=Q6\5[]GAD9*G+:H(IR&GSG=K(OUE.G5S*=F

7_?W/ODU?64#+\U<%.RB]'3MAS<)Y2+.TA



V%F
MQ74CZPLL!?U;\OI;[1./U(3=
Y?K9C/BOQWW/O=#JQDP4'
D?3)1CEEIC];




MH/&\S=*



-


QTHP-.W$2Y'1Y



MKK.UT:P\:WI4\
#E(^JC;Y.CZ;8TJ\;0%*7S W )1#KC/I$%S)H?DF0)5O
M;]F.128\;*%$7VHOV4MK(LQ/]$@B(NCFCVY?HS?XG&-*#]A+K'6+)V#N6
@!Z+D$,I+281ZF.F!?F2:T$^@19J:7^%6A37^TWJ
M9;2+:SNVF7&QA2A]K;]\T[@)< ;.*A;\9.C^A-B@GIYF=M6[%J1O2T0Z<OG
51<BZT+:+7E


MDTJ'NS29= VB*E[
8GTA:
3$%D[TQ?6RM\$TZ\!Z[V^QCHVZ_&S!1%\R7_C^


!=G1/7A9$%7&U!1E\L+H6

8
MJGRCH_T 4X^=+=3HB\&+7BC9!!R#MT':AX@)$UO *'EQL/85E#L%AW?MI\@[
MIJ
1!G-U+;T2@)-HKNL[O


]]']N?M*2(68L@DB27
0K\683Q



-_[% I(?*]C
0K5

%/H*Z


MY#H=-7=?3!&=X
6G&I28Z4
R&-


M7PY??*+Q#%



//FFZ$=

/'\W8/N=;O<B0+3P!X;1;5JSRA8;J=#M
M3PC8(RHPE\=5V)P^I0TV41W($_-ZU*PFVGL;J$08C/]+'W\AF!L+/:0<?.-
:I_)UB_B$OHBAFWD5P!LR2




M#9_EDQT+;/T\

M
'\Y8]9C\0M9=

  #\MP
M%0   &IS9&$M
C R
#$R



M/V@:^/C'XR3MS(!Q3
EAM_]FK]L!$M
$D_O#[I?;Z.CVY.*BV^$D02EE,!A
ME]#N'[__\Q\??XJB3T (0%)9SCOW(TSD@ [I1/H_'T\N.Q$G;W?/NSW;ZXZ
M7^Y..OM[^_UH[R#:?QM%OW]




MA(ZVA/H6+8M%ZE'4

)[+9_;W^_D&_

93E$93-%?U




#:9Y&U&6(K:LOZ(T4G-^*2[1RI
M

M!-TO:H\ 5
DDHF(

M5$@O
1KB%(OY30'O--

R?8YGK5%6]I6N- _RP%W]P#I





M4&[8&Y55W .Y5BMHMAUB5BE

M%V$B2T$DT*.T-D]?(I6;&$F?@I)8TKS@23
CW.XE#NWQ+@AU:9K/1B.(!9[!

Q4M
MV2ALA;Y1RV&RY62



MO=-8$+:2)ALT-96\@=G0B9:8S.J&Z=
:=@MM!3HDQ[4Q8#
Y]&\.Y


;4NK046^Y'5?I*=6'WJG2+'GVZ2E71  A_RI:6
M##U!C




X3*RGB(E2(^

T3TH8_<D)(<D3YDSBL14


MXQ



P4?5M0CO6&A3ILB\R%XJB(+VP(7=4B8$C:PPQ/JW7\D)2*&5S;


M!\ %P[%D?Q%_W7RP5O(&&*:)5-U

M$3[V2-2?KZIAD4U5'VDUF]R_(
\\:PTJXWHA07H2;FM4VU4# :;F/&M'-#3H





V0;EV*T2KM<+LY[VF'.I*<WNU

9;?9'
.(
EB+E9P]2AY++2SM(9M?




5JCF.^&
XF0E)'Y?


RZ*LP%SMM^H-$7Y@Q 
#S.Q






M^BHZ^A!]?_3MLTB_D;/^[ET]=3%/.

M.
5Q3+G: @\F%%E+.





MXON




N#KJ=8-.%L!IIAUH.+Y)-=XFL1@VJ(NHV+


A

WG6%HOK+

MR Y=AR@Y =A.P@9.]'R.Y_*CF7K#]$-'^4?S&^
!2K&WJZDZE;'QX$ZB!0
MOUF!^G*U)N -*1+$)B#P!P$YB P!X$Y
S[$9CAIY!+ 3EE25E]B/
T(A6W


@J6WSYO:LZ47;=@)CJZX]?8;O4UA=<ML A?4 *3:MZ [%]CPZ;9ML'



5!M4GA[/E'W@W]7WK=E9.QCW
/TWW(_[ 30U@,!C,JF X;PLC4\MOCUDRZA!RJ




M5YKZOSHX3YDHVG0'&T




/I&;HA4 ?I7

E#:)UCCO;
MCHADZVS1Q^6]8\%LW.&@S3T D*=?2K-2!=8N0W2D3'/^G&2EE&(NI.BLHAG+
MHA*-KB;G



MI$E!THJH+SF5VMSM%RT











M
^Y[0)#\7-)W1XM

M!PK/OU/T^GFZ6YMQMW(AZ8V[DD]S6(AKB;+8^**W]'J2[3KK
]$@CZ&YNZ

MC8)8!*P L6K!&KLG?J?:HLG-?\A('_7EA;&R%%0DU36N[Z1J).+*XJE=_.


PC*G1$-W0
MPAN96D9I;#


F7;@Z<
M)GR7TP,]MVBVQ![VMVV; 2#,%-5&N?;Y*!]$
^]VG!_$$XFAKBFF*W4?Y1\


M^EJ=*
\ $F_
M08) '@3R() '@3P(Y$$@#P*Y7B#O?;PZ%\F/OHMH+EN1J(B?C47PEM[N1&XM

M26X)?Z0)N;RYU9X9P%[!W!+



Y#YLX4


)

M+SF5:^2
B(33ZK;K#E



MY1[.22RHN)KLS/0ALJLLX=.;&8JCNXY#_G?Y7T

MJ1)'TE=Q=/DS9EV]^$'G!#.27HZC?D# ;XT6?W8
YCGLOE(:X)OY6D$1@:



MQ%4

M(-!-=

M

*S@9]74/[8N0$MVY*.A
3G4;XS0W

1O =!=_1F'Q'77L!
S=OHL


MNB%65YT4R92D92;/B#



M$

M?%XZ%Z]_BH0J835EF9Q,$9&_2DEA/P$;,I0[$1M.31R@Y#=XTX8Y2L1!4EO

Y=-F?RY7

MGH.58JN2SY/JT]7DAB3L(:?_)NDUX92E54%$N'%_3\_S.87-&*JW?S6OZX2:

RG6\4#OZ\5/



MW1(X
^Y*P/?;4&PI2LZ-G$??1;2J7!\5\7/O4MC:01P6M0;0$4R:P:0YQ *C

.6H[
MU0 EPKW9Y2A:[GL1S26WSJI7T]/Z AG+H1$&3DZPQ01;C+DNL'5E[KED()['



[4

MK;61!0)N



KL




MSSXJW='YOZ^\J\X3^7X#]IY[FP?@I@/+XCY]UB5^2FTC-'8QEL(\Z'$^^J!
M='ISF9$/%1LT3?0
XH9P 3
I6^&]75_8)PPB!63]3RC01KL_59!UCK6\(

M&
]1\JV]$W


0H%LRM*K0G

L^O1[9VP-]8C0P7=





M!/@;+\P0X+_W&$:8'V^D$?Y=1JR1A?
/-?F.-


DX
M#S#^


TYJGX






_EL=)%;!Z'=-T566S#KE6)62G)$NEYJ;*

?I([G.8DW<6W=K.R3=?I6GTSSF7Z7V^*?D;2U%^L8V


MRG!7US?*2FY*ER4&DQF0^ !Z3R1/4][JC?U5-?



TK#&/HC?W.2]




MJ^5BA^T;+!1?U%$\AE=G=@R#.QG\E3]U ODJ\[(P&UG^:R, :VG3N^!T(N

@!K&R*4F]TKD
X\638H&Q43U!47-F?1[5X#MU?+
5
O0B=C#8$/+2+JU'CB#
MW59@$@C7TIU;EHPEW=<2H#F#^D5^,=A5%Z@.'^MQ<,C/GX%O%G:;IJSQQH?
U4= Y


M$5YL!XH0F[#7O^H.%#$Z^:U_%4

M)OK;=T=?HWD6*P]M$=-
1


M2)^1?=3

M$TE5-E(+1FH])$\H$0-UB9ZCNU



ZUA*/O(BKIG9&HB)\':P7 T=QI 48$!:G_;4G]
2EZL4B\N;
M6^U6^SE'LY'&M]7%: N&)<B.N%2$LQ5OA 3E<0I3DO.V_W:IMW= Y3GMB)(

/:FPVS
7B4_-O.NP!KPT@XUG27Q7#-07L!<?:X3G6A@GC(_.H#35# ^%BR2BTX#$



!









A]L#.?F#7HFZ&
M(R@$%!^

MU1[G1L ?HXS$@D3L/J

[CA[KWA!#5
HU8
M
24\8G4Y!]6=/


MC_:@L=Q#;R&T!5Q'ZV!]#M9GY-;G8/T*UJ\#M'Y9D2+':@$;(F:
U?0U3)8$

MR'C*
CEI(B)_E9*F2*C$CHC-:]LQ*PO9*Z^


M&FKUG\C].SUE




*E1G_.L00WXC)JYK

-=4^8N[!3
M7]A9&J(3%7W(G/%=
+.LRV.NI$<VQ2Z:=S9 L&_D2E-
M,KD7Y^G51*X((C^HG;HL%\_OSW:M$?WP8XFP8LM)Y/\:]?!)+_ZXU/\3&?E
O
M90/VLM&&;A@?1NA

*$JA\H/OG90SA#Q9X6B/^H^':MAV4=2I5J'@2


RFS5U:^_:M8W
A68$;O$IORZMDQ_YSO&*U











MTS678
8XYF*9O._2MVS/#_=#\(Y:7727_IGJ;<(#1D*)_!*
M/):BZT=)5[8EW0Z8@*XA@XTKV+BC2O8N(*-R[&1P[K0/%);ET7A;Z3FKGV+
M=R



Z]-BE
M1VHX





3A;Z]%PCEK




3]X1NG4 M=#:T\$JF7'45PRZ+))U7-9*Z:==V\PI(


8*SZ&!0[J*+#-X?5
E#%UD$Q@BP
 #!N;M!@X.;@$@G1W

:OPV(1$TZ
08
Y2=
M]@=TLHL9/J!S#9TP8X;2$I.ZDV/



M+1?^R4(2G5[F:VS'24$?Z^V[([EECX_RDQNSX^:](9(HJNK3+]W +[_8:BD1
M9Z6Z??J



5V5;8[RYK&X+XJ'#^9N .W:<_%523EH3*CH@
MPP?P4CP@(205%YS-+H4H50G1J\DUEVIY022==$!-.KL%QR@E97<[\ JI'

MWHDMY_




A\\45'3:


MZV]*Y7)EIJ!))9EG9=&:P@#LY1[.KW([YG*/S=/C=:W%+6A2_6&+#WY+7
MO3S X4P(J;E-6C
P&EKXJ@CHJ:4!?TUN@D?VQ4NA
B16FR)2F?/\LYEB*

;N7O1-F#2'K\*!?7 _E<*EO,U:32$*[*0NKBN7(P%2
M88.%S

4G:4:!@9J3D(7= 2#UVK90!='!


$2U7[O-1

'^5_%P@6[6#1M@C$1!YY%6H$.O4QHFT6ZCMO2;&YZ8[.K0%0B-!91/?Z

M7VY;Z-G\@

 AL





M





M!]F@[][^W\^?[N('O(Y.2

\Q6VS!^'
U1KS79L&N]-XN]%
M$C%$WW_W[GVE9'_'O_G;&8VW:YR5\XPIBY*4+Y?9DN9KH=\;
 +-:@2EYRNT

ML$K7SUA&Q4)
$S @-0UHE-2PT0O!:3(L
8;+B*3%
M/;/1VRCM
ZAZ;T)
JQH$UR+L4#W%+5XH!815&.:E3\&US-1: &E#5DM**!

-34E



P7L3B/1.+RP;PA)A[@.JC+#I&

^63+8B-3 43ZZ/WXU
M))E ]*%O(J\_^C H4:ZB#^


5


MJRJ)73'FGTX*[F
&=LU\

WJ)*';




MJD#K


*[KM&49_&)S'U?3=&E@:PE).]9;8'




MDLN

ME#L4AU(_:1Q]IR^ZF(M[_9*=/#+N9TIC)P15NN



:2^FKT(^FYP^$MXN5%SMW?L)= L6/+S3 D#C:(0I#B0276K4

J
RN0EVK2+$R%B9<+FG]A<\T9PV;,7M[0@H@(
M@EK==77#:M1C('Q7:-B#!^3RA7VYUKB7#<CO45&A ):=*K:L5WO:H:4INRX

Z5CW;






M@=?V8P[H;C^;G/7N*=ZV\D@A33FJ74B4Q=&YW(-#GA5;I.N&C.DNYI&:7[


M48K7:W&9I1



NBFK'(
Q-3/L7(S

M\*L81#N9^C!X^!!_X$F@H/6

CO29@8=\&T;J1D2&49!
M!&*<5:@V3UW=<-%@?$ULY?




M4SZA/%.0-H7'(1(V

M*4T))NGWS-3M/%K:SJSHX!) N-7D@NI3

3DD%/&




B
Z-
L5)8
MS

7^
2
I]

1W:G8:B*HG8G8)8JYO-Z;
MJIR:
LJL40IKO-)ZJRUY0^!=II'HWF?)_Y1*WL
BT@;NZ5L[G$:NZ+DPVF

?!5\RR'WN']F4UAW PJ%9C:4X0ZX73E
?V



(7_**ANS;


]O29YY
KRQ*OBY&T'^WWP1U



MJ





\?ND@BCB7_LL&3;5DYIB(!N\45_2JP

.FI=NFI1M6RPIVTN[!HB105RMG

X*&?&Q






'*(D:



%S3K&J3-])9
M!3 (O.F*!C __5A$NV2Z1
?=60A#E58U1T;#?NU.)V[Q58N#4GX-Q*RQ!59
MHYQL'8O$







C.4\^XQ#;JN[P
MQ#(+B!M[?+&82]T(,40VF)P7J*=)M;DIQAL[W'/D.77H56JL[@$Y:KI#P E
MU^):-6'@H

MJ1(]3!/ON!Z]9X_@@?0ZR3.@)+J#L9RGRG%X2  TR(0S1MH\WTW
H^0XA$AH

MPGQ:&.GG7;N=KUDE'882VL-IAFJL4$G1=&=MHQX7;<G C1J*NTA6E]CY7VQ


M9LL 84M;+9H%VV@=KSM5H(V50
 3'0L#'#X!#P(T(WD* 3Q1TP  '&%;V_\G



MF?*CO#N17
N8;4.W:53BI-O





MLPLI5[0TOI


M:5%\D#1ZZMQ[R1B9IW_W940/C%]_45EIOS;]
HMSWH7E#%?_7F;S.
Y%VC]?





M.PKZ


MBO*+EKE SVBZI #[DKZF%


IO'-8

M
R!!Q+[W;-J=[OA!C4X7$6L6QVQV
'

M[JR  VYLVPOS-&_)ZJ&\7GXI\)PG$O6=6)J-!*H3 8+H_L9]BQ4_QTHY.BAM









!M/
K
%\*?+T\+TJR
M9OL*61II_T- L=@?S+4D
&@\H[F%-T





MT#Y&DU/WX
6BME; 
'W_GF8O_Q

M^/?P-'L+F!LGU!].YLV__^[/[]]_]Y?[_[D4G][]Y=L F?%R!J%JM#/EX@=\




T0Q522'7.7N*\2MPH#?JJDSQTNMQ-SOQ1DC0)5'5*'_-615Z5
M**ZF7H%:9S!KJ70J0











MP=L**A)@$8
;*FHKH295)I$'UKC%*]'(M(KM23FC_S$P8^P/YXDO=D!%##80

IIXH




MV6!OZF2Y)J$\JN

MG#_C/8%3B!

_640
GKC?


MU0T*B^=7'XCRUF

M3



MNIT1W/=RN

^26][RN7LGY3..BFV.JX9JFZVL:)D*#@

PO
%3UN$%\TD(KX@25U\S






M*)CUUW]CI-_GC.
6:*'2%0^<]^EZ<J(



!WV_D2






GYURI


M\GM 9AT=WS6/KAMJ/NE352NP:,-S;D=\*8ZL2G8(I.0XOR#LD@[7G\HF6M
MN0
04EMR+*:I)'L60$$YRJCJV2&
'WR3?'ULMUF5BYLJ=3C0O=UJ-NH
:Y



'IVO^5\0H1P;RX6$RF!.0EQER%F770M4

M+!H#/Z=!
G

M@\#QFKP]V&
MA4 +K.BS+<U1N:DEB6U*OU+O36L H
MYSTM=J5%Z+)3*:&#R Q5J*!?ZW]#)W?H+0XUHO@T[= 56X'[)YP^XL\T*Q]D
MX2O3X1Q;HT.P_@P2*);M;UIN;=(A?I
V2U+6!%BFX869IJ2+8
D3M1$VW(WB

 'ER'PYS:(9RWJ0/F^2O'0WJ-1?M#HXK\S
M/*M*.L<L5AY&BYSON1





M#U;F8\



MM?RR$@\(YOB!X4





RM[5]\JD0;

MU)C6GG5PPG/V2


M_KL_OW_W_B_HW7??S;ZK_O\71*H\8;Y-I=NR*-D'SI.5J]J^\L=WLQ__]
/L



QZ#! 5M0%YTO-Z^(%4?ONYPXP RU2J
6*


PBOA'(
QBE+

MI48 V@.@ L%# Y*FE!V&3U7=PJF$57H
@@0<+HN=.'*%]AQ81\M9<



M1\RCST(LNFQ


MI%;([]G5W_++8-?+UG^KXV\R13_Z/-1QEXWKRR^2(@1/HNS 4A:!9VGB.TN
MHJO-QM7.8Y1IJ#;M/%NW(]GE^Z!A8Z;PM1V#0P=Q%3QDLF
W5J+Q?_XMQ__

+TE9]'?TX77^50]^

3
IO
MPQQA*!![L



Z@Z:SA)0 [I.Q

M@=FN

M-+#8-Z;[)&@!KKHB%JI9Z2 QJ1:%_+(
SW'E_^?:^#%*L3@89&B1N
0)_X&G
MZNU]T7F2^;;I-JG\E&LY&-.MQOVAFATEC'YV.*D%A6:R?1F!2 #.X355_'

6T^Z1!6 KY5P


[%A@E


G 16U8











M$[
Y
(!=L]D#*+#9[
'(HN6P
E\;EH

4Y;JD\M]
MUXE37D4/YYLH+U]XI$W2?V3H
4OB;[AW#/*#B;B0$,U(QFD)54ED'O6N,4;
M1LJ'B#G5JQR+S-1#M*0-2K3?!31
HP G!6JDXD^W:D1
;W?M$^VX@S@%HO*



#.W-


K#@$DS5R8R^BYNFYX

?J[G-? V2C
M

MJ/\ML*C2+$GC1S%E'-/UFJGB0CA8/.WDJ6ZBJ5 
U^^
87&HSK0O.]
^JDD1
M*@2EPX'4C
A^1?
6EVQ7BY/S*.?%IHK!;?[PPT#1ZQ_4M:@U4%$#-FP4:82R



[OWW'H8?*0M$A

&G[.AZGSL\GL56I@4I6%Z

$6.DIO(I)<9J?1AI11.K@%!8\#SLS5A.<^6TY$@NJCM@8EM

)

M3IH[H$&+=BA1F8)(Y[G [#X^@_4Z!I^%EF'M&]




I/

!P5V$H(#U&?@1YPNJFZ*C% @-

RO8,'B/Z4ARIF$Y9 U2EX4EGN* HMU;D0*(;?+?D0'#-]!EN[?C35UM^
MV'&]O








4A)2%;IX#I)T


HF/:B

M\1DY$B\5]I%T9AJD8(CTTK:
-N^*PF\[C^8I#[YAE&3:.[*G/-
6-FJ AT];


MM

V6*&H0@LM





E@*AW



3ZBVN0

T

\;()
'4EACA6JT


UOBXG=
O&]Q9QP#.
J
BK*KB1_WQ:E





M7GKMGD&7Q97
!H


F[\8CC/4-BCD



5GA&5TU33-26
MPG

M0][(&R=MWUWB87H%:&BS. Q_B6^+^;9\H#GY)TZ^9(SU!;[7&_[[#5N/XOP9






MB!BB@2X.FS$TM;PV7[
7'72K;X[=J_=@V_UA]WF?X&MO@5&^8M3W*KKZY7
M+[


MD361M@+P '(*?L


M$I_; #GT*8BS'$M/VX!.@/'KW 8

3]!W
QMZ@!V3UDE
M

$%     @ 
(=X4B%2_W./30

C Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6SM?5MSW#B2[ON)./_!Q_O






ST(<MI&.4'Y&CVT@5O@]TTS![*959DP2P
EZ5 O4-)GFU^4S*SA^3Z
MU_\^C2)2
$INPE7XD*#3-#ZMA.TC#A]P@G.
&!6QXG)2'L@Z72\ \^ZRC^[6W.EN6&

M&BW-_M 91FADIS51Z1AC9UXA_@2@S( A.!DK!-#]WA5A@*@7I&.%:X?=/]_5




M@J1W.3O%[^9

T'HMDN

&R.^4/.5S-L'+



V73Q=985B JI5;1W(R[5B+([%!64??3DP\
]SFNU


MR25DI%82&)*?78($9(J!H?G%)6@ GCTP


M1NG. [/PLK4%Y(M3


J(V7ISI






20XD-V?L<J*VKR97&/?18 HJ++)G+M85KLD
MU$E5+BP*E0]&
VSAW 4[X3D[6/[3V*7

M/XLH+@TL148VN*]IUD!)VK+FIK/

UX1$LOGH&0Q$]!@L(

$;
':^D'M(X^[+D



MVY(GEI2MNR'I[BN;%W:&?&4ZU5]
@J04R1MW01!)5_\*G[XRMMF$Z)&GU[5;





]%&_^Q9R

$
QK[.'&%E59(U1.*N

MB*YI88Q

:3:X J4Z


 W9#.

M
KD=Y91H*$W%KE^ &_W].J'WU!61$*CGH%MKNP-RF5QA,_*R1]Z!63*CWV!
M@)1RK1MLKNR:NLO%Y64BQ*+9Y3PP+*-_Q@82QW[+M+(_P')G@
#
]K'-N%.





MNX)T

UC3

M@Z67MWS@H67@ 6XDFP@SG 09FI7_QNF4T$7Y+=UH@W2008

M.[;%0P=UL)0\U)?S,@H&Z\?-5Q(7H&85 VUNOV%7%27S^PU\ACPHZP83*T










MPS/P&3WM*1.4I.S'.UM###&F@XS/,,'ACT847KD9)O

M8H1)-3^MOL.S]B5C*NEEEN
%@UHD./6-'


M$/


HG!6DI^0&9

+5@S=LHB=3H?U=1G3D5RVZ&[:G:QB]B;#JOD;/:\? Q8X]


MY4TL;V)Y$TLG1J6G)1DPM7X

$

MIQYH2+
.2HVWX




M1?
O^G^*(


;9$QKWR.TJPZ



MVUEI=K;Z'9$9#9=S=B!1%

Z!TIWI'B'2GF=8TN=C3O3_'^%.]/\?X4

1)%N2
KR)

8HS]Q/L?IR8\7


MQ'F87!V!.&\CHK:ALW0J+7K,YKOV?3L7X?V//O5OU\NJ)K-7]YH&(_APMT


'0[N=9KEMAOAXI7N[BA
M::*59[ZJ^? ,;.\Y[R[B2L5'V7YX%M8)I96U$:WN:9AF8<0I^YU!^Y%DS0)



_3/D%<_RJ64=O&L61






TK

)?HVV/]7
M.E ZR&+L[YBW%BV-3
+^;$]KT=%
&NU/J;$6H59W6?O3@*S#2Z.:!QB57T:/

L@*Q[85.&4
M:S/EW[-@6=E9+:M]MOW
D 4]NZ'5U^P\(*OOFIU9N= .LRFOTYRPE;A8OV&O
M*N?98!WBH[:6*^S\TH9=WMK6G*?5]+#Y5
_OV=M)ZMOJ3X6X$N4!917$;\

MXHNN^)OZ6IC _4%$UQ?ADR^H %L$?F!HJ% O*XN@*.]N;212#&E:MM0UQA

MC_!N2Z=^KR.ZZZ(1$CCNRYB3_P1WFSI(@/@&^Z@(.%QWBOI46 ^)BNOG03
3Z9?LG0*9-XT7*0]K&'
MF3\1IPS%IX_LMS-F-/$-=7_YBJX8Z [CLT%=S@;E[SM

S=]

S7[P&*I5C6P=$
MWL^Y6^KDNGPA S^BFR249.NI6W=#TMU7)MM,Z_AZ0\E?;%**9(W[H(@DJ[^

9_




OA^;1LM_M0#F&=R
M5\) BS51-_

*51B57


2?\O.)K:52[WE

M%_N*T-^YEZ]G[ X_-TH(U_'GRV=$(YSQ@M75=E2ZIYCQ2'&:X:BL5=@UG!J?

E\]+3

%VF3Y.$

M4R
VMYVM96\_N7MCX0K/'^V!+&2[W+I;RG#]&+8RVU7_8URESQD*%O!=L7
M+Q]583%I6^.D*P+OBM96D^W&57MS; 8QS2U5X
2#$'TO;#L[V"5$U[0P
M1J940&K;#$_J)KWV-(TK.WO/U2.@7-;%Y.8HH^LPZ8!:X=#P%@=5QDS7R71
M5TFL8UYY6XJTNI

M)86^7[.@W*U)*]I2M(IRN (&H


:^0$!*N5:90%=V3=WE

M^ZLX;IL

M#[O 2E1I#(S1+W9C)#? U56$QWZ80;)_(+6KQWYDP7& %1

MD!G5J

??=K];?R



M;?B'H@SL

F1!QQW

M2=


VNXC#6EG:9'D[:JCMJL$I$Z6B-]=36<?29:=AY2NIH26
MUPX8*7?% R_7<4]V5USKB-8=HYEAH,U :^H[([VC0!Q;Z%F.H[(&UU)7P.5

NN*
MOUAW)6EHFJY U$1HCDE@1,(\#/ ;Y78#<H0@2=+*__ZP%.+\$E;7?^((D[M


M7:U!!PWN-J#

MR!MU0
 ]^^MV]$Q
@ZQ=:\=S1O



M
*]0OXF6TCMV
'24+]) 
W 8GWI%6P:2U-IP!2G  _501=^5P*SNXM+155W!

MM04GP,C#2#?4W'ENP[@=459+$]^WB5R$#\$R7$5S%'T-EI3])BJ#\^S'
M&0T7;7
2&@T^:&YPI]CL(!63Y'@7WP9BU.-UMINJF$Z;Q\837*Q8%ZS:XF


O2MX+_B


AQ

A!E^
MY

/G3PI2&#$IV1ZV
5


KW9B/5URFM2EO?N $SI#S8&YI](9ZSOAO*!&)\6
MK.5+[_6




M;?E]

MZ[9C @ML&X.A^WDD6I@4

KRXH3=$-QA




V@ZQ
54E%)#I_@U*[@O.BL4BIO^EPS/4CS%4<BZA5&9
MO

M$=]0/K'YBF\4^6D:7WXK\))+P

JD

R;)?_?M3
M^(P7Q:)6/(1_'X@TIO%(2:O[^SDB=*K:_\V($EK&K^.GSL7[X9*5H-3ZYP

N)\P4W]2$\5I.7:NFQQ0
MI

8+5G/U)1'G+&E



29Y]1

N&GCTAD
6KT-
@6HT=%/VMB\MW3+1VWX=


MW-@

M_ [N(6N
.*3UJDV6MV$'LV'+%[QXV=7KQ9*2QW+6LOTD*_$E6LVN'1#;Y*JO

M+
K18.0AHQV-R?-1C\&B'D)KOL'D@3SVC85B8
\]I^B2K1*R0N@
I6B*\^R\
MH%3JCP=T
L;
1QP^X 3G&

MCJCNI
<'Z47\RDB-JY[U%'77%


M0WI*NJ;:.U#


W3X9BTK[M
MJB%]%DY1)L)@9RVD

M



M:4*I=Y+8YR31F\=&SI$FHC*DF7


 6&CO$1?\BD

KPSE!:@T?4
D^2N]G_TIX?]7$QBJ/


B






M9ENY^W0G/)N3Y@(_XICM
)(B*+U_UVCYTCZ8^X





MHJ-
AX(IVOWE
%GKLX.9N#UD']E?IZN)5@X&2KONUG@DJ
;/


7(C@J$]F;+31\Q8DU$


M=YJ7MC*SFV4WZ;7Z&F-+!;\F6P2?95R(6AF@N4&;7E^^@?23KC-S
^DQQM
$9V
MCFH49F@C+2OYA


LO^$VF7S)4JG


R7 8&
MY*J*3E=G$FWZ(A:HHMNEE+^F1BDRJ@[#
W'/$XA 7F%)2W=RLQJM;I]NY=.M




)$  XGPF6F-K
H.53
MPWY.T+HF'2.

'Z60GNW



Z/LS8C


MU^H!S/))2810G%U1LKC.LH+7'I]

M-X-NE+'7U^**S17/L8'7U1)V\?6TY
06RV52$A(F&PROTRFABQ!2V$ROM].U
M@U74)0EA[3PQ)U;I&R1H]7O



0%
F7'%X=X.;9M:
*]ZJ


MVD8+N5$&K2N)-[K

G_T7*6M:


5E$DZ^8?$!6
M!Q63NZH
R1;5]'=XK+^.**/.$+9'=FM\U=%'E4=#-0 7!?AOT%;YR.2B
D



]_A%\T!N-79UY3-9:X/5*]=+IU)#Y.2_:FU%'2_YCG'0R@J*
M*S0OT))D.


H.[$_N(D1IZ(A$ C

M$P]K/JU/19M/[SL@RZ+TOKV9JW9NMH5/INR
$\1X)#T

M
04-S]+S@FWI:;0J\Y?9AEG5A2W_E52GP+;*YP;X&UXSEOTASRE^*'+N7;\G
]UW1ZK)85-0

M^#Z([X/X/H@O+GOFWZP1/]Q1?+,0FEJ3H=:/9\K+9





MA[#PW=N]5T0.W
.R+L&).5;LKT?H(P8C57;[W%A]I
#]2 %L\R=:!]O8
5&;

$!@!HI8Q]10SI;+1T37AGXSB*ACXB



1:YIC87RIFT$M ^

M5YTM8ZX^%ZE\4Z()NX#A; -@EQV=73XC&N%
^+!5\X&L8?J/





M
C R
#$R





