

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001083522-19-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190322
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JONES SODA CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				911696175
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28820
		FILM NUMBER:		19699639
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		66 S HANFORD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206 624-3357
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		66 S HANFORD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	URBAN JUICE & SODA CO LTD /WY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990407












			jsda-20181231 10K FY


	

			
		

		
			


						


			


						


		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


						




 201


			


						



						


			


						



						


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


		

			
		

			

		



		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		


 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;
		

			
		


 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;
		

			
		

is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#x2019;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;
		


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#x201C;large accelerated filer
&#x201D; &#x201C;accelerated filer

		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;

						&nbsp;

						&nbsp;

						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

June 30
 201
 the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 was approximately 

000
		

		
		

			
		

March 1
 2019
41
575
861
		

			
		


 to the extent not set forth herein
 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 201
		
		
			


						


			


						


		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

		
		


 all references in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K to &#x201C;we
&#x201D; &#x201C;us
&#x201D; &#x201C;our
&#x201D; &#x201C;Jones
&#x201D; &#x201C;Jones Soda
&#x201D; and the &#x201C;Company&#x201D; are to Jones Soda Co.
 a Washington corporation

		


 unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires
 all references in this Annual Report to &#x201C;Jones Soda&#x201D; refer to our premium 
 including Jones
		

			
		


 strategies
 products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future
 including statements related to sales
 revenues
 profitability
 distributor channels
 new products
 adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to continue as a going concern
 potential strategic transactions
 statements regarding future operating results and non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. In particular
 the words such as &#x201C;believe
&#x201D; &#x201C;expect
&#x201D; &#x201C;intend
&#x201D; &#x201C;anticipate
&#x201D; &#x201C;estimate
&#x201D; &#x201C;may
&#x201D; &#x201C;will
&#x201D; &#x201C;can
&#x201D; &#x201C;plan
&#x201D; &#x201C;predict
&#x201D; &#x201C;could
&#x201D; &#x201C;future
&#x201D; &#x201C;continue
&#x201D; variations of such words
 and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements

		


 which are based on management&#x2019;s current expectations and projections about future events
 are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as from the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information

		


 our business
 including our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to continue as a going concern may be impacted by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 along with our ability to secure additional financing if our sales goals take longer to achieve than anticipated;
		

				
			
		


 which is critical to our success in our competitive
 brand-conscious industry;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 well-funded
 established companies currently operating in the beverage industry generally
 including in the fountain business
 particularly from 
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 including potential reduced consumer demand due to health concerns (including obesity) and legislative initiatives against sweetened beverages;
		

				
			
		


 and to manage consumer response to such new products and new initiatives;
		

				
			
		


 maintain and expand distribution arrangements with independent distributors
 retailers
 brokers and national retail accounts
 most of whom sell and distribute competing products
 and upon whom we rely to employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products;
		

				
			
		


 and to maintain
 our private label relationship with 7-Eleven;
		

				
			
		

			
 including the impact on our inventory
 revenue and cash flow;
		

				
			
		

			
		

			
		

		

				
			
		


 which could make management of our distribution efforts inefficient or unprofitable;
		

				
			
		


 as well as other factors affecting our supply chain
 including increases in raw material costs and shortages of glass in the supply chain;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 including retaining the services of our CEO
 the loss of whom would directly affect our efficiency and operations and could materially impair our ability to execute our growth strategy;
		

				
			
		


 the failure of which may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing effectively;
		

				
			
		


 which could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 particularly between the United States and Canadian dollars;
		

				
			
		


 national or global economic conditions that may adversely impact our business and results of operations; 
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 and any actual or perceived limitations to our common stock by being traded on the OTCQB Marketplace
 including the level of trading activity
 volatility or market liquidity.


 results and prospects
 see &#x201C;Item&nbsp;1A. Risk Factors.&#x201D; Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in our other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including our periodic reports on Forms&nbsp;10-Q and current reports on Form&nbsp;8-K
 and those described from time to time in our press releases and other communications
 which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business

		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		


 201
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



Market for Registrant&#x2019;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						




 to the extent not set forth herein
 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 2019 annual meeting of shareholders. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the 2018 fiscal year.



						&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		

		
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 produce
 we sell and distribute primarily in the United States and Canada through our network of independent distributors and directly to our national and regional retail accounts. We also sell products in select international markets. Our products are sold in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 on fountain in restaurants
 &#x201C;up and down the street&#x201D; in independent accounts such as delicatessens
 &nbsp;
 as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. We refer to our network of independent distributors as our direct store delivery (DSD) channel
 and we refer to our national and regional accounts who receive shipments directly from us as our direct to retail (DTR) channel. We do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party contract manufacturers. We also sell various products online
 including soda with customized labels
 wearables
 candy and other items

		


 a Canadian company formed in 1986. Our principal place of business is located at 66 South Hanford Street
 Suite 150
 Seattle

		

			
		


 Jones Soda

		

			
		

in premium glass bottles and cans
on fountain
 utilizing customer photos on the fountain equipment and cups. Over 
 and the fact that our products are made from high quality ingredients
. We also sell Jones Soda in more traditional flavors such as Cream Soda
 Root Beer and Orange &amp; Cream
		

			
		


 our fountain equipment is branded with an engaging collage of consumer-submitted photos that are inspired by the business themes of our retail partners and the regions in which they are located. Our fountain offerings include traditional flavors such as Cane Sugar Cola
 Sugar Free Cola
 as well as Cane Sugar sweetened Ginger Ale
 Orange &amp; Cream
 Root Beer and Lemon Lime.&nbsp; Rounding out the lineup are two of our most popular cane sugar flavors
 Berry Lemonade and Green Apple. We have developed other products in select markets that include teas
 lemonade
 vitamin enhanced waters
 hydration beverages

		


 corporate accounts
 retailers
 celebrity chefs and a variety of other outlets looking for differentiated offerings in their fountain soda. We feel that Jones on fountain enhances the consumer experience

		

			
		

			
		

represents an entirely new beverage category that was inspired by the distinctive refreshment stands found along the streets of Rome
a premium non-carbonated
Lemoncocco was designed to be on trend
 for food pairing
 making cocktails and hydration. 
		

			
		

			
		


 we announced our partnership with 7-Eleven
 Inc. and together created the 7-Select brand of premium sodas crafted by Jones

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

Our Jones Soda beverages are classified in the sparkling beverage category
The CSD segment is the largest segment in the sparkling beverage category
 and in the United States it is a $
% as a result of raising prices. Within the CSD segment are craft and premium sodas
According to Grand View Research (November 2017)
 In the United States
 craft and premium sodas are typically distributed through the grocery
 drug
 mass
 club
 convenience

		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

			
		



		


 delivering different offerings through alternate channels. In determining the most advantageous distribution channel
 we also consider what works best for the customer
 allowing for better retail activation and in-store presence
 including seeking placement on shelves that are normally restricted to national mainstream brands and placement in the cold-aisle

		

December 31
 2018
continue to expand our distributor network and DTR accounts

		


 net of discounts and promotional allowances
 and all sales are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to credit issues
 quality or damage issues
 or distributor changes
 we may accept returned product

		

			
		


 grocery stores

		


 we grant our independent distributors exclusive distribution rights in defined territories
 which may include invasion fees in the event we provide product directly to one of our national retailers located in the distributor&#x2019;s region. We are also obligated to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor agreements

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

distributors and replacing underperforming distributors. In addition to the efforts of our independent distributors in obtaining distribution of our products
 we actively seek to obtain listings for our products with key retail grocery
 convenience and mass merchandiser accounts

		


 consumer demand
 and localized store variances. Our accounts listing changes from time to time
 as new retail accounts are added and others are canceled. To find a retailer that carries our products
 our product locator is available on our website under &#x201C;
		

			
		


 including convenience store chains
 mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these programs
 we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and the account is serviced through the retailer&#x2019;s appointed distribution system (rather than through our DSD network). These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 primarily in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 

 of total sales
 while sales in Canada represented approximately 
 and we had approximately 
		

			
		

			
		

brands. This market is driven by trendy
 young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality and better ingredients in their beverage choices. While we are known for our unique and innovative flavors
position us as a leader in the growing premium craft segment of the industry. Additionally
 through the labels on our bottles and our invitation to consumers to send in photographs to be featured on the Jones Soda labels
 we focus on a coherent message and call to action
 thus escaping the uniformity that we believe plagues so many other brands. We select photos throughout the year to be placed on our bottles and cans for distribution
 and also invite consumers to celebrate special occasions and memories by creating their own label through myJones.com. In that space
 consumers have the ability to customize their own label and product with a photo and short caption using a proprietary patented process. In addition to creative labeling on our products
 we provide our distributors with point-of-sale promotional materials and branded apparel items. We believe that our labeling
 marketing and promotional materials are important elements to creating and increasing consumer appeal
 as well as distributor and retailer awareness

		

			
		


skateboarding
 BMX biking
In addition
 we
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 and we have had success in creating social media hubs through forums such as Facebook
 Twitter and Instagram. Our consumers have responded by bringing us onto their social media pages and into their lives

		

			
		



		

			
		


 ranging from businesses to end consumers
 customized and personalized 12-packs of Jones Soda (in bottles) that they can create with their own photos on the labels. The strategy of this program is to provide a customized and personalized product offering to our consumers as well as an innovative marketing opportunity for our Jones Soda brand. Consumers can upload their photos through our website and create their own &#x201C;myJones&#x201D; labels. The personalized labels are downloaded at our headquarters

		


 as well as provided for increased consumer interactivity with

		

			
		


 stickers
 hats and T-shirts to create and increase consumer awareness of our proprietary products and brands. In response to consumer demand
 we also sell our products and our wearables on our website. In selected cities
 we participate at a &#x201C;grassroots&#x201D; level at certain community and sporting events in an attempt to create and increase brand awareness and loyalty. We use recreational vehicles

		


 we partner with companies that will manufacture Jones-related products that we feel extend and enhance our Jones brand. We currently have a licensing arrangement with a third party to manufacture and distribute Jones Soda Flavor Booster hard candy. In addition to these marketing techniques

		

			
		


 we partnered with Young Audiences
 one of the nation&#x2019;s largest arts-in-education networks
to launch the Jones Soda Photography Curriculum
 mission is to ensure arts remain an integral part of youth education
 with the help of organizations such as Jones Soda. We feel that it is a worthy cause directly aimed at supporting the children that make up our fan base. Customer-submitted photos are one of our key assets
 and to utilize them in a way that we can give back to the community

		

			
		

			
		


 retailers and distributors. We believe this is accomplished by keeping open dialog directly with our consumers through our website

		



		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

&nbsp;&nbsp;We analyze existing and potential distribution channels
 whether DSD
 DTR or a blend of these channels. This analysis addresses
 among other things
 which companies will distribute particular beverage brands and products
 where such companies may distribute such brands and products

		

&nbsp;&nbsp;We review all aspects of production of our beverages
 including contract packing capacity
 strategic production locations
 and quality control

		

&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on our evaluation of the market
 distributors and production issues
 we create and develop the concept for a beverage brand
 product or product extension. Our technical services department then works with various flavor concentrate houses to test

		



		


 we have created and launched a new brand with its own separate identity from the Jones Soda brand
 Lemoncocco
		

			
		


 Inc. wherein both companies partnered to create 7-Select brand premium sodas crafted by Jones
 the first premium carbonated beverage in the 7-Select private brand lineup.
		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 products and product extensions.


 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with all non-alcoholic beverages
 most of which are marketed by companies with substantially greater financial resources than ours. We also compete with regional beverage producers and &#x201C;private label&#x201D; 
		


 from time to time we develop and introduce new products and product extensions
 and when warranted
 Lemoncocco
 our new premium non-carbonated beverage
 is an example of 
		



		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

Pricing of the products is also important. We believe that our products are priced in the same price range or higher than competitive brands and products

		

			
		

			
		


 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party bottlers and independent contract manufacturers (co-packers). We currently use primary co-packers located in Canada and the United States. Once the product is manufactured
 for most co-packers
 we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time

		

			
		


 flavors
 supplements
 sugar
 bottles
 cans
 labels
 trays
 caps and packaging. Substantially all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our bottle and can products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance with our specifications. These raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials

		


 flavor concentrate suppliers own the proprietary rights to the flavors. Although we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors
 we have exclusive rights to the use of the flavor concentrates developed with our suppliers. In connection with the development of new products and flavors
 independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at relatively low cost. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers

		

			
 our supply agreement with our glass supplier provides us with some price protection.
		

			
		

			
		

 of product
 our contract manufacturer undertakes extensive testing of product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
 carbonation
 taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. Samples from each production run are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. For each product

		



		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		


 provincial
 state and local health agencies
 including in particular Health Canada
 Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) and the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA and AAFC also regulate labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect to our products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place to ensure compliance with production

		


 marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other beverage container-related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax and/or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the United States and Canada. We anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local
 state and federal levels

		



		


 symbol) for use in connection with our products
 including &#x201C;JONES
&#x201D; &#x201C;JONES SODA CO.
		


 trademark registrations expire 10&nbsp;years from the filing date or registration date
 with the exception in Canada

		


e have the exclusive rights to our flavor concentrates developed with our current flavor concentrate suppliers

		

			
		

			
		


 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result

		

			
		


employees
employees
 are employed in sales and marketing capacities
are employed in administrative capacities and 4 are employed in customer service

		

			
		


 we are required to file our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K

		

			
		


 or furnish it to
 the SEC. In addition

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 officers and employees of Jones Soda Co.
		

				
			
		

			

A copy of any of the materials filed with or furnished to the SEC or copies of the corporate governance materials described above are available free of charge and can be mailed to you upon request to Jones Soda Co.
 66 South Hanford Street
 Suite 150
 Seattle

		

			
		


 Chief Executive Officer

		



		



		

			
		


 Chairman
 Ryan
 Swanson &amp; Cleveland

		



		


former Director of Klienfeld Bridal

		



		


Advisory Partner
 Alliance Consumer Growth
 and Director 
		


Founder
 Millennial Brands Consulting
 
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 including our financial condition and results of operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business could be harmed

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 in part
December 31
December 31
 2018
		

			
		


 difficulties
 complications
 delays
 and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our financial condition. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had
 and will continue to have
 an adverse effect on our financial condition. If our products do not achieve sufficient market acceptance and our revenues do not increase significantly
 we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future
 we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital
 expand our business

		

f we are not able to successfully execute on our future operating plans
 our financial condition and results of operation may be materially adversely affected

		


 our available cash and working capital will decrease and our financial condition will be negatively impacted.&nbsp;&nbsp;While we have access to and use our secured credit facility for our working capital requirements

		



		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally
We intend to continually monitor and adjust our&nbsp;operating&nbsp;plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
In addition
Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however
 these options may not ultimately be available or feasible
		

			
		



		

			
		


 2018 were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern
 the report of our independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies our financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2018 contains a going concern qualification in which such firm expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
 based on the financial statements at that time. Specifically
 as noted above

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

operating activities
 and we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. These prior losses and expected future losses have had
 and will continue to have
 an adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition
 as noted above
 continued operations and our ability to continue as a going concern may be dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing in the near future and thereafter
 and there are no assurances that such financing will be available to us at all or will be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate additional funds in the future through sales of our products
 financings or from other sources or transactions
 we will exhaust our resources and will be unable to continue operations. If we cannot continue as a going concern

		

			
		



		


 trendy
 young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality in their beverage choices. In addition
 our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth. If we are not successful in the revitalization and growth of our brand and product offerings
 we may not achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by independent distributors and retail consumers. Accordingly

		

			
		


 marketing and promotional programs will have the desired impact on our products&#x2019; branding and on consumer preferences. In addition
 negative public relations and product quality issues
 whether real or imagined
 could tarnish our reputation and image of the affected brands and could cause consumers to choose other products. Our brand image can also be adversely affected by unfavorable reports
 studies and articles
 litigation
 or regulatory or other governmental action

		


 well-financed non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our distribution relationships and may hinder development of our existing markets

		


 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with all non-alcoholic beverages

		

			
premium soft drink companies. These national and international competitors have advantages such as lower production costs
 larger marketing budgets
 greater financial and other resources and more developed and extensive distribution networks than ours. We may not be able to grow our volumes or maintains our selling prices

		


 market-place competition
 particularly among branded beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and financial targets. As a means of maintaining and expanding our distribution network
Lemoncocco
 our new premium non-carbonated beverage
We may not be successful in doing this
 or it may take us longer than anticipated to achieve market acceptance of these new products and brands
 if at all.&nbsp;&nbsp;Other companies may be more successful in this regard over the long term. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse effect on our existing markets

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

We compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public perception

		


 products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet our consumers&#x2019; changing preferences could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary and consumers&#x2019; preferences and loyalties change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and innovate new products to introduce to our consumers
 we may not succeed. Customer preferences also are affected by factors other than taste
 such as health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns
 shifting consumer needs
 changes in consumer lifestyles
 increased consumer information and competitive product and pricing pressures. Sales of our products may be adversely affected by the negative publicity associated with these issues. If we do not adequately anticipate or adjust to respond to these and other changes in customer preferences

		

			
		


 as well as increased public scrutiny
 potential new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages
 and additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing and labeling/packing of the beverage industry. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further
 increasing public concern with respect to sweetened beverages could reduce demand for our beverages and increase desire for more low-calorie soft drinks
 water
 enhanced water
 coffee-flavored beverages
 tea
 and beverages with natural sweeteners. We are continuously working to reduce calories and sugar in our Jones Cane Sugar products while launching new products like Lemoncocco

		

			
		


 state and local governments in the United States
 or other countries in which we operate could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing our beverages. Several municipalities in the United States have implemented or are considering implementing taxes on the sale of certain &#x201C;sugared&#x201D; beverages
 including non-diet soft drinks
 fruit drinks

		

			
		


 retailers and brokers could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our products

		


 and to establish markets in new geographic distribution areas
 is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
 retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
 including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses. The success of this network will depend on the performance of the distributors
 retailers and brokers of this network. There is a risk that the mentioned entities may not adequately perform their functions within the network by
 without limitation
 failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our products in localities that may not be receptive to our product. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell our products is affected by competition from other beverage companies who have greater resources than we do. To the extent that our distributors
 retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore
 such third-parties&#x2019; financial position or market share may deteriorate
 which could adversely affect our distribution

		


 retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 retailers and brokers.

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

We may not be able to successfully manage all or any of these factors in any of our current or prospective geographic areas of distribution. Our inability to achieve success with regards to any of these factors in a geographic distribution area will have a material adverse effect on our relationships in that particular geographic area
 thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market

		

			
		


 nor do we anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish
 long-term contractual commitments from some of our distributors. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover

		



		

December 31
 2018
 We continually seek to expand and upgrade our distributor network
 DTR accounts and national retail relationships. However
 we may not be able to maintain our key distributor base. The loss of any of our key distributors or national accounts (including our private label relationship with 7-Eleven) could have adverse effects on our revenues
 liquidity and financial results
 could negatively impact our ability to retain our relationships with our other distributors and our ability to expand our market

		

			
		


 independent distributors typically order products from us on a &#x201C;just in time&#x201D; basis in quantities and at such times based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly
 we cannot predict the timing or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally
 our larger distributors and new national partners
 like 7-Eleven Inc.
 may make orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shortages in inventory levels

		



		


 particularly for new products
 seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate distributor or retailer demand for our products
 we may end up with too much inventory
 resulting in higher storage costs
 increased trade spend and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand
 we could damage our relationships with our distributors and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities
 which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and retailers is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products

		



		


 and we do not anticipate bringing the manufacturing process in-house in the future. Our ability to maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is important to the success of our operations within each distribution area. Competition for contract manufacturers&#x2019; business is intense
 especially in the western United States
 and this could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement manufacturers
 or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various distribution areas
 and could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our existing manufacturers. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale
 which would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition. In addition
 our agreements with our contract manufacturers are terminable at any time

		

			
		


 which is customary in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies. Based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the particular geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located
 we continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers to use. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements
 or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more product inventory than warranted by the actual demand for it
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements and our inventory levels may impair relationships with our independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn

		

			
		


 aluminum cans
 labels and cardboard cartons
 aluminum closures
 flavorings
 sucrose/inverted pure cane sugar and sucralose. In addition
 certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow such contract manufacturers to increase their charges to us based on their own cost increases. These manufacturing and ingredient costs are subject to fluctuation. Substantial increases in the prices of our ingredients
 raw materials and packaging materials
 to the extent that they cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of finished beverage products
 would increase our operating costs and could reduce our profitability. If our supply of these raw materials is impaired or if prices increase significantly

		

Our fixed-price purchase commitment for glass
 which helps mitigate the risk of unexpected price increases
 While we expect to renew our glass supply agreement during 2019
 whether we will be able to renew our fixed price purchase commitment for glass or the terms of any new glass contract
 the terms of which may be materially different than our current terms. The prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers

		


 sugar
 and other key supplies
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
 in the past there have been industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners and these shortages could occur again from time to time in the future

		

			
		


 volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in high fuel prices
 which many shipping companies have passed on to their customers by way of higher base pricing and increased fuel surcharges.&nbsp;&nbsp;If fuel prices increase
 we expect to experience higher shipping rates and fuel surcharges
 as well as energy surcharges on our raw materials.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is hard to predict what will happen in the fuel markets in 2019 and beyond. Additionally
 during 2018
 new regulations in the freight industry impacted domestic shipping costs
 which put downward pressure on our margins.&nbsp;&nbsp;Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers
		


 contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business

		


 through our suppliers
 business partners
 contract manufacturers
 independent distributors and retailers
 to make
 move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire or explosion
 terrorism
 pandemics such as influenza
 labor strikes or other reasons
 could impair the manufacture
 distribution and sale of our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		



		


 and continually develop other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to their flavors. Although we have the exclusive rights to flavor concentrates developed with our current flavor concentrate suppliers
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors and concentrates. Consequently
 we may be unable to obtain these same flavors or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers

		

			
		


 our efficiency and operations would be adversely affected; in addition

		


 sales
 marketing and product development. We compete to hire new employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and competencies. We may not be able to provide our employees with competitive salaries
 and our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees

		


 we have experienced significant changes in our key personnel
 especially on our finance team
 and more could occur in the future. Changes to operations
 policies and procedures
 which can often occur with the appointment of new personnel
 can create uncertainty
 may negatively impact our ability to execute quickly and effectively
 and may ultimately be unsuccessful. In addition
 management transition periods are often difficult as the new employees gain detailed knowledge of our operations
 and friction can result from changes in strategy and management style. Management turnover inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge
 which can negatively affect strategy and execution. Until we integrate new personnel
 and unless they are able to succeed in their positions
 we may be unable to successfully manage and grow our business

		


 to the extent we experience additional management turnover
 our operations
 financial condition and employee morale could be negatively impacted.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 competition for top management is high and it may take months to find a candidate that meets our requirements. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified management personnel

		

services of our CEO

		


 who we hired as our CEO in June 2012.&nbsp;If we were to lose the services of Ms. Cue
 our ability to execute our 
		



		


 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success
 and we actively pursue the registration of our trademarks in the United States
 Canada and internationally. However
 the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights may not be adequate and may not prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In addition
 other parties may seek to assert infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or sell our brands

		


 we enter into licensing agreements under which we grant our licensing partners certain rights to use our trademarks and other designs. Although our agreements require that the use of our trademarks and designs is subject to our control and approval
 any breach of these provisions
 or any other action by any of our licensing partners that is harmful to our brands
 goodwill and overall image

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

If we encounter product recalls or other product quality issues

		


 real or imagined
 or allegations of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish our image and could cause consumers to choose other products. In addition
 because of changing government regulations or implementation thereof
 or allegations of product contamination

		

			
		


 insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all product liability claims that may arise. To the extent our product liability coverage is insufficient
 a product liability claim would likely have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition. In addition

		

			
		


 marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production batch or &#x201C;run&#x201D; is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we cannot anticipate whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise

		

			
		


 if they become applicable to one or more of our products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations
 may inhibit sales of such products. In California
 a law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. If a component found in one of our products is added to the list
 or if the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that may become available under this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may be amended
 results in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed substance in one of our beverages produced for sale in California

		

			
		


 uncertainties and costs
 including distraction of management attention away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our employees and agents with all U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable to our business operations
 including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless
 our policies and procedures may not ensure full compliance by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties
 including substantial monetary fines

		

			
		


 contribute to our revenue and profitability
 and we believe that developing and emerging markets could present future growth opportunities for us.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 there can be no assurance that existing or new products that we manufacture
 distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular foreign market
 due to local or global competition
 product price
 cultural differences
 consumer preferences or otherwise.&nbsp;&nbsp;There are many factors that could adversely affect demand for our products in foreign markets
 including our inability to attract and maintain key distributors in these markets; volatility in the economic growth of certain of these markets; changes in economic
 political or social conditions
 the status and renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

labeling
 product or production requirements
 or other legal restrictions; restrictions on the import or export of our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; inflationary currency
laws and regulations. If we are unable to effectively operate or manage the risks associated with operating in international markets
 our business

		

			
		


 changing weather patterns could have a negative impact on agricultural productivity
 which may limit availability or increase the cost of certain key ingredients such as sugar cane
 natural flavors and supplements used in our products. Also
 increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities
 the operation of our supply chain or impact demand for our products. In addition
 the increasing concern over climate change may result in more regional
 federal and global legal and regulatory requirements and could result in increased production
 transportation and raw material costs. As a result

		

			
		

 We may not have the necessary financial resources to update and maintain our IT infrastructure
could adversely impact our operations. In addition
ur IT is vulnerable to cyberattacks
 computer viruses
 worms and other malicious software programs
 physical and electronic break-ins
 sabotage and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology infrastructure and our operations from these IT-related and other potential disruptions. However
 given the unpredictability of the timing
 disruptions
 we could potentially be subject to downtimes
 transactional errors
 processing inefficiencies
 operational delays
 other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products to our customers
 the compromising of confidential or personal information
 destruction or corruption of data
 security breaches
 other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks
 financial losses from remedial actions
 loss of business or potential liability
 and/or damage to our reputation
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows
 competitive position

		



		



		


 our operating results may fluctuate due to a number of other factors including

		
		

				
			
		


 develop and expand distribution channels for current and new products
 develop favorable arrangements with third party distributors of our products and minimize or reduce issues associated with engaging new distributors and retailers
 including
 but not limited to
 transition costs and expenses and down time resulting from the initial deployment of our products in each new distributor&#x2019;s network;
		

				
			
		


 grocery store chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores
 mass merchandisers and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time;&nbsp;
		

				
			
		


 develop and expand our direct-to-retail sales channels and national retail accounts
 as well as our &#x201C;myJones&#x201D; business;
		

				
			
		


 promotion allowances and slotting fees
 promotion and selling activities
 and capital expansion
 and our ability to sustain profitability;
		

				
			
		


 well-funded and established companies currently operating in the beverage industry
 as we introduce new competitive products
 such as Lemoncocco and our fountain products; and
		

				
			
		

			

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

Due to these and other factors
 our results of operations have fluctuated from period to period and may continue to do so in the future

		

			
		



		


 for which we receive revenues in the Canadian dollar. In addition
 a significant percentage of our costs of goods are denominated in the Canadian dollar

		


 certain financial information is required to be translated from the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar. The translation of our Canadian revenues
 cash and other assets is adversely affected when the United States strengthens against the Canadian dollar and is positively affected when the U.S. dollar weakens. Similarly

		



9
 to 0.73 as of December 31
 2018 and $0.80 as of December 31

		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 including write-offs of acquired intangibles and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions;
		

				
			
		


 tax holidays
 and tax deductions;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			


 the President signed into law new legislation that significantly revised the Internal Revenue Code.&nbsp;The recently enacted federal income tax law
 among other things
 contained significant changes to corporate taxation
 including reduction of the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat rate of 21% beginning in 2018
 limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30% of adjusted earnings
 limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to 80% of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks
 one time taxation of offshore earnings at reduced rates regardless of whether they are repatriated
 immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation expense over time
 and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits (including reducing the business tax credit for certain clinical testing expenses incurred in the testing of certain drugs for rare diseases or conditions).&nbsp;Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate
 the overall impact of the new federal tax law remains uncertain and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected.&nbsp;In addition

		

			
		


 and particularly those companies selling premium beverages like us
 can be affected by macro-economic factors
 including changes in national
 regional
 and local economic conditions
 unemployment levels and consumer spending patterns
 which together may impact the willingness of consumers to purchase our products as they adjust their discretionary spending. Adverse economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our distributors to obtain the credit necessary to fund their working capital needs

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they have done in the past. If we experience similar adverse economic conditions in the future
 sales of our products could be adversely affected
 collectability of accounts receivable may be compromised and we may face obsolescence issues with our inventory

		



		


 implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business
 such as
 but not limited to
 stock-based compensation
 trade spend and promotions
 and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions
 estimates and judgments by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions

		



		


 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated
 can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results

		

			
		


 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the &#x201C;Convertible Notes&#x201D;)
 pursuant to the terms of a note purchase agreement. In accordance with such note purchase agreement
 we agreed not to take certain actions without the approval of holders of not less than a majority-in-interest of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes (the &#x201C;Required Holders&#x201D;) while such Convertible Notes remain outstanding. Such actions include (a) liquidating
 dissolving or winding up the affairs of the company; (b) purchasing or redeeming or paying any cash dividend on any of our capital stock; (c) effecting a material acquisition by us
 unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors and each of the MHP Directors (as defined in the note purchase agreement); (d) increasing the size of the Board of Directors; (e) increasing our equity incentive plan by more than 10% of the amount reserved for the prior fiscal year without the approval of the Board of Directors and each of the MHP Directors (as defined in the note purchase agreement); (f) entering into any transaction with any affiliate
 officer
 director
 employee or holder of more than five percent (5%) of our capital stock
 calculated on a fully diluted basis; or (g) terminating
 or allowing to be terminated or suspended
 the listing of the shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Convertible Notes on the trading market. If requested by us
 the Required Holders may elect not to allow us to take these actions. In the event that we are unable to take these actions

		

			
		



		


 and this volatility may continue in the future. In addition
 factors such as quarterly variations in our operating results
 litigation involving us
 general trends relating to the beverage industry
 actions by governmental agencies

		


 we may be forced to allocate funds from other planned uses
 which may negatively impact our business and operations

		

			
		

			
		


 during the first half of 2018
 we issued an aggregate principal amount of $2
920
000 of our Convertible Notes to certain institutional and individual accredited investors

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

Convertible Notes at any time during the term into a number of shares of our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the amount of the unpaid principal and interest on the Convertible Note by (ii)&nbsp;$0.32 (the&nbsp;&#x201C;Conversion Price&#x201D;). The Conversion Price is subject to broad based

		



		


 we believe that we must

		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 marketing and distribution.


 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We have incurred significant operating expenses in the past and may do so again in the future and
 as a result
 will need to increase revenues in order to improve our results of operations. Our ability to increase sales will depend primarily on success in expanding our current markets
 improving our distribution base
 entering into DTR arrangements with national accounts
 and introducing new brands
 products or product extensions to the market. Our ability to successfully enter new distribution areas and obtain national accounts will
 in turn
 depend on various factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to
 the continued demand for our brands and products in target markets
 the ability to price our products at competitive levels
 the ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors in each geographic area of distribution and the ability in the future to create
 develop and successfully introduce one or more new brands
 products

		

			
		


 we may issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities. The issuance of these securities could dilute our shareholders&#x2019; ownership in our company and may include terms that give new investors rights that are superior to those of our current shareholders. Moreover
 any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our common stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on our shareholders&#x2019; ownership interest

		



		


 the American Stock Exchange or Nasdaq system
or qualitative standards that a company must meet to be listed on the OTCQB. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and trading in our common stock may be subject to abuses
 volatility and shorting
 which may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#x201C;FINRA&#x201D;) has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing an investment is suitable for that customer when recommending an investment to a customer. FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for some customers and may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock

		



		


 and if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend.&nbsp;&nbsp;Unless we pay dividends

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		


500 square feet of retail/office space in Seattle
 Washington for our principal executive and administrative offices. The term of the lease is five years expiring February 2020 with an option to extend for additional one-year terms. See Note 
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position

		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#x2019;S COMMON EQUITY

		

			
		


 for each quarter of fiscal 
 Such over-the counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up

		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						


			



 2018)



						





						&nbsp;



						




			



 2018)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2018)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2018)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			



 2017)



						





						&nbsp;



						




			



 2017)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2017)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			



 2017)



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




		

			
		

March 1
 2019
41
575
shares of common stock issued and outstanding
holders of record
March 1
 2019
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						







			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


558&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


345&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


667&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


591&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


555&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


822)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


321)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


568)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


347)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


543)


			


						



						&nbsp;


736&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


024&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


099&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


244&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


012&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


492)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


123)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


033)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


896)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


235)


			


						



						&nbsp;


071)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


014)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


151)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


104)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


535)


			


						



						&nbsp;


827)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


113)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


758)


			



 net



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


055)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


248)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


046)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


479)


			



 net



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


079)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


271)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


120)



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


540)


			


						



						





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						





						&nbsp;



						




			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						







			


						



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			



 net



						


353&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


644&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


907&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


612&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


094&nbsp;


			



 net



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


068&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


389&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


932&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


354&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


874&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;


671&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;




			


						



						&nbsp;


847&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


784&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


721&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


568&nbsp;


		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		


 such as statements of our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. As described at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
 our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could contribute to such differences include those discussed at the beginning of this Report
 below in this section and in the section above entitled &#x201C;Risk Factors.&#x201D; You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which apply only as of the date of this Report. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect new information
 events or circumstances after the date of this Report

		

			
		


 produce
 we sell and distribute primarily in North America through our network of independent distributors and directly to our national and regional retail accounts. We also sell products in select international markets. Our products are sold primarily in grocery stores
 convenience and gas stores
 on fountain in restaurants
 &#x201C;up and down the street&#x201D; in independent accounts such as delicatessens
 &nbsp;
 as well as through our national accounts with several large retailers. We refer to our network of independent distributors as our direct store delivery (DSD) channel
 and we refer to our national and regional accounts who receive shipments directly from us as our direct to retail (DTR) channel. We do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party contract manufacturers. We also sell various products online
 including soda with customized labels
 wearables
 candy and other items

		

			
		

			
		
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		

			

			
		

December 31
 2018
		

			
		

December 31
 2018
 revenue was approximately 
$787
000
December 31
 timing of our 7-Select pipeline fill during the first quarter of 2017 (which increased revenue for that period)
 2018 and 2017
 23% of our revenue
		

December 31
 2018
 promotion allowances and slotting fees
 which offset revenue
 totaled
$8
000
 or 
 from 
 in 
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


			


						



						&nbsp;







			


						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						


736&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


024&nbsp;



						&nbsp;



						


			


						



						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;





						&nbsp;



						&nbsp;


		

December 31
 2018
$288
000
December 31
 2017
December 31
 2018
December 31
 2017 due primarily to escalating freight cost

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

December 31
 2018
$369
000
 or 
December 31
 2017
December 31
 2018
 from 
		

			
		

December 31
 2018
$57
000 
December 31
December 31
 2018
		

			
		

			
000 of interest expense for 
 2018
 compared to $
000 for the 
 2017
 primarily related to the amortization of the discount associated with the beneficial conversion feature on the Convertible Notes
 along with the amortization of associated closing costs and interest related to the Convertible Notes. For the 
 2018 and 2017
1
000 and $
000
 respectively

		

			
		

$24
000
$23
000
 primarily related to the tax provision on income from our Canadian operations. We have not recorded any tax benefit for the loss in our U.S.&nbsp;operations as we have recorded a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets. We expect to continue to record a full valuation allowance on our U.S.&nbsp;net deferred tax assets until we sustain an appropriate level of taxable income through improved U.S.&nbsp;operations. Our effective tax rate is based on recurring factors
 including the forecasted mix of income before taxes in various jurisdictions

		

			
		

December 31
December 31
 factors mentioned above
 escalating freight costs
 as well as costs associated with 
		

			
		

December 31
 2018
 we had cash and cash-equivalents of approximately 
000
000
 respectively
908
000
 respectively. Net cash used in operations during fiscal years 
000
 respectively. Net cash used in operations 
		

December 31
 2018
 net cash 
December 31
December 31
December 31
 2018
		


 finance operations
 and indicates substantial doubt 
		


 as well as an ongoing requirement for additional capital to support working capital needs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 currently
 anticipated level of operations and expenditures
 management believes that cash on hand
 line of credit
 months from the date the financial statements included in this Report are issued. &nbsp;Our line of credit is not included in this assessment due to the ability of the bank to terminate the line of credit upon 120 days&#x2019; notice.&nbsp; In view of these conditions
 
		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

$3.2 million based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory. As of December 31
 
 adjustments


		

			
 we received 
000
 respectively
From time to time
e may receive additional cash through the exercise of stock options in the future. However
 we cannot predict the timing or amount of cash proceeds we may receive from the exercise
 if at all

		

			
		


 the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for available debt or equity financing. Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative that we meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external financing in the future. We intend to continually monitor and adjust our operating plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
ompany and our shareholders
 which may include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 a rights offering
 and other strategic alternatives; however

		

			
		


 trend-oriented beverage industry. As a result

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.&nbsp;The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis
 we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions
 or if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. Many of our estimates or judgments are based on anticipated future events or performance
 and as such are forward-looking in nature
 and are subject to many risks and uncertainties

		


 and there may be other accounting policies that are significant to us. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and our other accounting policies

		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

ASU No. 2014-09
&#x201C;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&#x201D;
		

			
		


 which are manufactured and procured based on our sales forecasts. We value inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory
 on a first in-first out basis. These valuations are subject to customer acceptance
 planned and actual product changes
 demand for the particular products
 and our estimates of future realizable values based on these forecasted demands. We regularly review inventory detail to determine whether a write-down is necessary. We consider various factors in making this determination
 including recent sales history and predicted trends
 industry market conditions and general economic conditions. The amount and timing of write-downs for any period could change if we make different judgments or use different estimates. We also determine whether a provision for obsolete or excess inventory is required on products that are over 12&nbsp;months from production date or any changes related to market conditions

		

			
		


 we run trade spend and promotional programs with distributors and retailers to help promote on- shelf discounts to our consumers. Additionally
 in more limited instances
 we enter into customer marketing agreements or various other slotting arrangements. The provisions for discounts
 slotting fees and promotion allowances is recorded as an offset to revenue and shown net on the consolidated statement of operations. Estimates are made to accrue for amounts that have not yet been invoiced in the month that the program occurs
 or in the case of slotting

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		
		
			


						



						&nbsp;


			


						



						


			


Report of Peterson Sullivan LLP
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



						


			


						



						


			


Consolidated balance sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017



						


			


Consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017



						


			


Consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



						


			


Consolidated statements of shareholders&#x2019; equity (deficit) for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017



						


			


Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017



						


			


						



						


		

			
		

			
		

		
		

			
		

			&nbsp;
		


			
		

		
		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 'defref_jsda_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCreditNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalConvertibleDebtWithConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_GainsLossesOnInsuranceClaim'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableRecoveries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherDeferredLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_CashPaidDuringPeriodForAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsiderationReceivedForBeneficialInterestObtainedForTransferringFinancialAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ConvertibleSubordinatedNotesPayableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelectedQuarterlyFinancialInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesEmbeddedDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_SeasonalNatureOfBusinessPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ScheduleOfAnnualPrincipalPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelectedQuarterlyFinancialInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfOperatingSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductionRelatedImpairmentsOrCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossRealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_SlottingFeesAndPromotionAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityFairValueOfAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=jsda_VehiclesAndOfficeAndComputerEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=jsda_LeaseholdImprovementsAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedEmployeeBenefitsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalConvertibleDebtWithConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalConvertibleDebtWithConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentInTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPaymentTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityBorrowingCapacityDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityFairValueOfAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_PercentOfAccountsReceivableBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantCompliance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_PercentOfFinishedGoodsInventoryBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_MaximiumAmountOfAccountsRecievablePlusFinishedGoodsInventoryBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_PercentOfAccountsReceivableBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jsda_LoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_PercentOfAccountsReceivableBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_MaximiumAmountOfAccountsRecievableBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_AreaOfLeasingProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseOptionToExtend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfNonEmployeeDirectorsGrantedRestrictedStockUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jsda_A2011PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_CommonStockAuthorizedIncreasePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPercentageOfOutstandingStockMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jsda_A2011PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jsda_A2011PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jsda_TwoThousandAndSevenEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPSharesInESOP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=jsda_A025To050Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=jsda_A051To109Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=jsda_A110To299Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DescriptionOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=us-gaap_InventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueWithinOneYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=jsda_IndefinitelyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationYearUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationYearUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsComponentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jsda_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=jsda_OtherCountriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=jsda_OtherCountriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelectedQuarterlyFinancialInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+


M.D7S
^XA*/VA]@AU5;7@D)11I& !%F$E
MD9+71$14


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS
&UL?59A;YLP$/TKB!]0L TDJ9)(3:)IDS:IZK3NLYLX2I@9CM)
M]^]G#&74=^X7L
U[]WP^/W3+FU2O^BR$B=[JJM&K^&Q



G;5S$DE


MEYBC$G/(SSP)!!(H]0*56$^7VL$$B@V27''I3"7V\,$Z@X?B:@ @4.!O!
M!(I.4'
_$ HC^&7'
(&Z$]R_A

M7P7!S 

K8$#ZXEB?Y#^^[R1]<G<I&1R_2

$

I79N'Z(PG^\F+6IJGXDS_%G'#2^





M\2DH/D:8CZ4I1*'\*&2 AK8?P_I34'\
JXTK'OHWTVYC6&X*RHUA=3&A M/0


MEB?P+H8-IJ#!..&FJ6M'')S*
AVXBSBM


(C8SAY %_V/E[;078Q
M4/;:P#AO+:DXUNW%J+?(
2K&EK
GV@/G9PY4]9B(;OL@GC/ )^TJ24H\+P$


[X2
M\4R'KS#EB5UGO\=;DD7)'(-2I*N'XZU94+VDY5)$J+7\=WT^GW

XD^61;
M-P23(9@-?O2A(9P
H6% (YF.^AD+7!:

^-5CMC:S.2=
M'

X0. O53&6;C4?LV!&TGVX/-%]AY7]02P,$
M%     @ <WMV3IS2X),+ P  U0L  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


MDJ(H/!


10*! S'8(9'P*L!GPU



M=X8V3
.F?N..62C[7Q36!+P6!ZMS[JH6T3
FBR<S8X^+2AZT


1@  W!0


!#\*XCWGL$D$*




M$)(WPLJ:=\JLU8]$D;(0O ^$^[

7Z&[R








MZ4[^D/KGX;DR+:\?99
5LJPS53J5W

MG6WT?N8*U]G(;7K

+&R I!^!AY0A Q1A($B7O$
Y'VX5(T7-K:

M1$D
\FLS$^8+!N)/;(P(/\)C#]'80R1V$-4BM+)
:




M



:N[*_]N
<!7U$MK#;






6:U'!Z

M5P1CB4 RC W$T$LDC$F%-F,FO@Q3HZQDP0Z2832#A)E!-#+ H&-(YD4QA'
MJN
(9+*I]I&D(@Z@21


Y08SC#3##
DV


/0);M%NMV2S$3

M7/T+4$L#!!0    ( '-[=D[5.




PNM69




M*[0C9^/Q96/_&V

BKDMKFM'6N/S!FRQ:4L%?8@_8W-1HEG#=-



?(P2I8TK*0?K4


CAC*^*=3]YZ


MWS5VOT9TX%/97?D!:OWW6@P)M0O'K_YLIB&;#(?]_'_8\HF+?U!+ P04

M;6Q]4]N.W ,_17$!RPS3/:B41)I9ZNJE5IIM%7;9R9Q$K2 4R3[=\72#9-
MVZ@O@(W/\;$Q^8CVQ74 GKQJ95Q!.^_[(V.NZD +=X
C@Y5Y
M+UKX OYK?[;!8@M++348)]$0TU!'_?'4Q;C4\ W:-;G4FLY(+X$HV/=4%W
M41 HJ'QD$&&[PA,H%8FC!\S)UU21N#Z_




/+IOXW


MVV[4

+^*=:.M5R$@WLC?W:5;W-ZH*26@S2
M/YCQ,\SUW%(R%_\5KB Q/C!'*61+JZD')PW:F9!*4H\3WNGXSY.-_PPP[8!


96Q#L4[]![+7;I(6/7
M0#3'G*88OHY9(ABR+RGX5HH3?P7GV_#]IL)]A.__4?AAFR#=)$@C0?IFB1LQ
MM\E_2=BJIPIL$Z?)D=(
.D[RRKL
[!V/;_(W?)KV;\(VG7;D8CR^;.Q_;8P'

$60T+MP_$]GNTT9I/A33__(+9\X^(/4$L#!!0    ( '-[=DXA



41CEXDJ*WGFC)Q:4HL7KN




;^Y=8.]9R$0[NC7QJ2]]D]):2$BK12_]HAJ\PU;.G


=19$E4!:
;[9O&-:2$.++/G.



MI&X1 @FD51'TV9M


3X%?)



M./&_X'P;OM]4N$_P_6\*_Y'_L$EP2 2'_Y:X%?.G2K;JJ0;7IFGRI+*#29.\


]J)1$FEGJZJ5



M93$^!7R3


45GE

M7L0GWA\Y]J:*SM2*=(?B/7JOY?[ND+-K))IC3E


MV_##IL)#@A_^4)AM$V2;!%DBR/Y;XE;
[5])V*JG&ER;ILF3R@XF3?+*NPSL




!@9=[S%KZ_]9?+%IL8:F% NV$T<14]'Y'3.0GP




MY1N7OP!02P

]T?&7-F%N[&

2UD1XLL^LZVR









M#




MR[S+/N[3?)


M


MHX

M^D!)!;7HE7_&X0-





2YX

AV?C6F7A.C]6=1</\A6-/;-4:J:&SM5









AV$_8--29XE_;@A$
M [[#L!^P::DSZOL.! 5\AV$_8--29]3_UX$@_SL@=TU)+=3)M6
ZVLM+XWK!

MV;'J^[1^8F0[]*!D;(0W?P%02P

W<<YVQ4^M6T !:]2=&9
M'+?6]D=3-F9.9.]=YDUIIR:PS=4-

4*3R$)W)I_)PY


MS\1IE$J8\$7E8*R2


MAGFX$2&KQDG037BR!I5JZ
*XK+S+5#S2T/@_\&FDOC+=\
Z@B[+N^80FUTI9




MP%W
P^9$4?DGX4696S





M@[$OK@'PY$VKUF6T\;X[




]

M.&P

96Q#M





Z8D! H*%Q2$WRYP
M#TH%(9_&ZZ1)YY!N#R_JS_$VGTM9V'A'M6S+%V3T3TE)52B5^X1AV\PU?.%

M



SK]L['^%Z
GLKGR
M(]3X#S8;BH7CC?^;
8Q&PV'W?2#V/R-\[]02P

M 0  T@

<0?W$D?]#Y^OT[6J&VTC?+J/O_R.P6Q7818'=
OXV^5#B&N9CD6S1


M((1E_)HUZ9(R$-?V3?TY]HZ]7(2#1Z-^RLJW.3U04D$M!N5?S/@)YG[N*9F;

?D$P

NN[

3)^:['XAYXL

T0+YCQC\ 9S


M

Q(&
MP8%PVG8X3YWO(O-4#)JU'5PD4@/G5/X^ Q-CAG?X[GANZT9;!\G3GM;P'?2/




M^C!'OTCL%8D]!!\V(AY
_$XE!Z_(P4.PVXCX


M 0  T@





MI90:6B=-2RQ4&;W?'D^[@(^ 7Q(&MSB34


M



M0@U^L-E04/EP/.#9CF
V&MYTTP]B\S?.WP%02P





B#*2M&(\20Y

[\
M#7^@\V&@LJ%X[T_FW'
1L-A-_T@-G_C_ ]02P


MU:X^NAYUH3R7Y:_NYFYY


+Q2$=_KSY4WL([




9
+B-

0(7FV




(F[DP-H/DB%$V D

RYG[




M'G-ZS1##@B/#0E(OZ41+M\].X)H20$WOR [ MG[R@#NK5(--'9OJ193Q ]
M+I!=LJ0HXXPOG&(8BF%
7=^;CV?L\D=0YXOV0=SML_U0\?R!ZRZFV]

.7
MO]G_4$L#!!0    ( '-[=DX6GE)3% (  /


S+GAM;'U4T8Z;

FJ!D;D ^^@
MU6_.7#B=@N2'8R,F2&$5)%&6(D:8-R\+F#J(L^%71IH6#.25
2+^[H#R
M?AO&X3WQU%QJ91*H+#IR@9^@?G4'H2

MZ.5L'YA.CIR_F.#;:1M&QA!0J)11('JYP1XH-4+:QI]1
YQ*&N)\?U?_8GO7

AF0AQ]E\'@GXC9#:Y@=GMM7/1)&R$+P/
MQ/Q.F+^B7B#]6%6)FG/SK[3W4J=O94X2@IT
T(C9C=@DADFGA!(JT\E$E^)

[K2Q1
0?


M971S+W-H965T






M=[_-/2JPO\
FAMGB10YHD0

W9.DZFHD^(!  #E
M!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S-2YX;6Q]5.V.G 4?17# RPJ


(+A@]%JS)TS%PS.



M&H
D
5 2


M?!1,^,7/!FGTMS.PXSH[:OYC+Q9'=%=0


W+GAM
M;'V4[6Z;
!B%;P5Q 3780-((D-9
U29M4M1IW6\'7@*JP=1V0G?WLPU!%*S]

C\T+]/O#276ID)

)6?.W\S@


MARG_;G
;\&3 LR&




M7$$_J;@TG?3.7.F_QY[QBG


M='

MSF!J.^'Z]K6!4#;Y/Z ;69F9Q=[85US\28S2I7S7K!2;MQ,J6J%D#QDM!R


M8OP1!H\Q*83QQYCM%/

H6$WEPD  

MP


M'1L
-QH

M


V34DA.

MN:EJ;0

+I
0VZ%Z%

57:S1J3EY#9IK5I
#&?4*0$.)$WJ6O-]NPP3I8X]H9K.?\

ML^@T2!Z(NRM_Y7X*?:.R:EH5780V-\[=BU((#::6^
Z449O!-QT8E-IN=V8O


NR\#Q @  VPP  !D   !X




#T?53GCK99T=^ ^N?M8/4H^\
OL^#X[


*\YL.OM&SYW40
MT=([MT0]9M-A:(1A \+3[(
$(8D-S98'88P) AAC8 B5S$&F"$!*$A%\1
MA)


M-@TA/\RR12!;!X9-0\ /*9OJ+/#Q.:V*-^HM2RX/IJMNG*TX5::E'\T.G?L=
MF=[T/[QK^[]G\I!7C?
DE.YP31^Z%T)Q'8Y_HP




MBK9J^^R024!K8VH[8?OW]86E+)GV!7N&
^?
V)XI!R%?5 .@@U?..K4-&ZW[

19%N$J&JF2(2KY0P3!K71'17*$H%B(8)@-+K)&1=;W!)MH

M5%7(LV%4P$%%^LPY46][8'(HT0I=$X_TU!F7P%71DQ/\!?.O/R@;X8FEH1R$

M&_]'3C1)NL+Y_

P\E_+E@N2L29I+02Q#RSK\3


%D6R!9'-C4C

?27:C@6?'ZU[/'Z).5.CH*(V]*?X\6RD-6+[X

?Z797

M'0CH0+0.Q
#!!#OPH0-_E('/F#$5G29H-46KX4'(+F2#. &
$X XW(B#-(2#








!!%?P7QWL4&&TA$(B5;

YY]I[K\I:



M]3';+B:\B\%#1&#4!T0((;;A))U$!!:(P!HC)Q ]%!8@( Q F0!X%XM
DN


@8U 6E#Z!HYO0Q
_X5WC_L;DN:B5MQ?:]C7


M;6R5F.^.VC@4Q5\ER@
0^][\'0'23%?5KM1*HZZV^SD#!J(F




*([(Z1QF*30) 4)XCN329/=S$8LXAR[9- E R[)G4LV
MKYD4E(H


M*/)[J=1_MMT*7$883 E Z/9VX-!75T^F%_I [ $!(NX8'; )3'TH=A)$I=




MD3F+AWDF'YZ1*'6\-PCS3#X\$^+9!1EAH
D':)H#G11IQJ[? ^:9?'A&HM3Q
MCB+

_GP3(CGS+$^

MTZ)PX









K4Z_\_I7V!46NTU?_

M0Q)_ NDTL=4T'02'81C!G!CDQ  '33CQC/
I17X:P)P$Y0 )YAPDADGB#.
M

M(@ 43T$( BU5!/;E#@4 :-;[G2AY!BWT/X+[%V$ E$Y!D&@]X7BC8ZVFXF(/


ZD7G'52TS/\ OF[
MWG




DHD:)
@VP00%6F



QQ_Z)





@&29QT]PP]0/[N#T#
RN91U ZVL



M;(U4VXZ;



M/N(6OH/\









M3
%2%'])J]!QG=))N9O#U@/R.2!? O+42TH4*__
/6\J:R9BT^Q''JYXL\]Q
M-FUPQE'$

[;NA4I*CM-#%K!YXF[K+HJ8';HEK51'^;T=+UFYL9-\7GHM+
M+O6DR8-N=?5/YJ#ES-G


M6?FG.




MSW#.F3

M&A(ER-_M8D1QV[EY:G(GGJ=LD*3MX
0=













DSP7M/#!^K(^9.A-M(-[
P0=L[^TY7

%AW&T*

M+ZTR=V



3&_*#
6/U$)

MMT+M7O

M]&!B1F*

26$PR36$XP
M3(H+6:!%@C!PA*89:6$ RSPH4L42'+9P)_90E!
+%UPH,,W/(5JB0%4)@
MWP0,,_/] Q^_T#Y89V  @4E

!IJY_P%:8K9!^$P1

M0P?]3OBY;H5S8%+5?E.A3XQ)4!K]%U4E*M6TIP6%D]33A9KSH7




MMF%@ JSB5T

D9-8C6=U8114L1.*9 J
MR 
8)@9A8@#&2;

MG$;B@*2+)$7FO+[M^YH[D P$R0 0I]I-MD@29P['4A(&#PXD!SER@
-)LLF7





?=







M+S#A@$:?0B!72%6^,8]3L+K$&L7!KN#1,XZ(DL071%$;H*)DV!B297!).1
M$!TFL9CZD1Q,T3L!&/0L0W(:*15(\05TDDSB22FR1P.G

MZ1
RI/^5X19QY[S
G$G

-&7J-3/WK@L%=F.M5ST?7^
M;J%XT[]K:'A<\W]02P,$%     @ <WMV3J$D9JQD P  / \  !D   !X;]W

:9
7$W'-^

M[
B3.*


MT3E-$JDD_/BK1

MJ K(-0T5_7=ZHHF 2T^$C35+BO+76!\+SE*E(EQ)HX_J&6?E\ZST+S28@!4!



M 
M09X!

W9.S5-DPX8#   ^#P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970U.YX;6R-
ME]MRVC 0AE_%X_O$EN03## 33N'0SF32:7OM@ !/;(O: M*WKWS 
:LM\0W8







M'KUE5CI#&L)2)31U4+2.


85XA;



1@?D_Z2(.


M9W



?_J/
__L?NC]^4J_U#5NR2JV*=


M_]M\4QY^G]WE^ 0
\6/ZD+4F?_OCZ^OD^NTW5\FKMQU#O(+YJW0#\ZZS3\F?


(32KY)=ZWW+RY&XXO)J'/.=UF5E^O.U_6



MLMH16NS277MW?\NZ1J#ADU=P-'=EU4+#'\OB(EVM
G@&GECSTQTC73^DFTWR

/T#WRS+O]S29?


[LI.5]I&\ML

P 
O

MC=8M_;[/@/['P%433;XKRW6=P RM;0-;KX&V5.5M&[=E9KB82OA:QW8-_!X?
M0 1^2*M?LET$5-]E188-3Z4KA_R@B3T'=R[XS.V#4N][8J'Y+2P:7-# ]3
M068T?.63

UC#
MDQ!
/L
3.3]I%-E:Y[






#&EE1I@)1+H=IT*PO


[XTZ/T,<@ 

!R@WM_4^3J'

MCQD




Z-./V2+2A9
LB\M:1GS0Y7!_8&AP<P2Y.[4@@B
M[*(@\NZ^IY4J3(]BY<*; VY&0Z-VA./7N'EJHBFT
FGWBZBUP3FJD'8 ?+4


M+:3K]

M35K\0E_!@1 IIT\;
]!9CL9#6/]3+2##.?
582Q*P?M:*-2/(+$F
M
D+R


4T4N6T&.%9&O:-GIZA[PA B'&.WI

M%:7&VL+2ZR/P
0_66$-I'NS#C9R@W=!I9%#D!;QAZ\YOB:$8\VV':#[_V2B
M::P:B _WR%WH^NU0PY&-@NXM SH @.54!/:5ZP0.^)+

MA.4VE34NYG8#P/#2W/-$2J*M)
[ :E(
D!$7*RJ%]%:5?2PWA#TULB\T6O*5

S7L$^X-!I6DGPKO.4[X+#;
MA-$D&

M'ID-'X4'980_/@83
SGSDA?.$XZOFH2P(T=@V@2$D9O?HNO
- V/+4V*/1T
MO@BB$*B.?2$;-#$*Z^@J!&5Q)1(*2@AW)P0A9*-4&#XC*(%!; X0G '\1G6
MH WQ9IG!\56R=


M

MQO+F[RR:

M?@-8B :

ML[6RL\#@MA2TS5$_AB9Z_$^*VA$%)Y:R A'&ZS8$I+:&)[8*OF7L1]%S=D


*B((C9Z=PS[

@F@% Q)1&M@

&._K0';<P=\0KOE,%.54RH(V[6@FZPKZA1#@X
MBG0M(7 .@Y#ZK79[HDXU7*Q::@+_5;B=P<TZ'5ZB
1BPK0)H[B%#F_((HGJ


49P_$X@5<#_29A3S\9@Z77?]$$OP$8F#81Q
M$!W=[,8V8 3[A?IGUF8J+.Z



=]EXV-+NFEX%=N



1J  !6)E9460^.RS9\$Q7@FD_&RS9
VY-XH@WGD&5-Z!N9#O2T;)/



EJYV:KP[;H!/W@=8P98%
M
1NISULH4DZ!G^PTR#[M&BXV1!RD\M7:APG*N;*:77[

M45V'!!W

M
TS8(%




M'HKIL6:(O*V_XK=H

LA43X3TYX(S?X0!GQY%=E@8]N2F-RMW!*UL#;$@N@Y
M5!:D1*W8^X%VU&RS 8)W()N

BMLG/(YV2-\Z6@?!(D4?6[&C(

G8 Q2;+:=4NSBEP%P&VEB9

M.\=/[5QDHXJULZCP6%J*&__6 YPO.G%\+*OID =F:#]C7W=*7VZU=.BSO[



S QYW[



-
B@
M-UVHGISAH
HB96OG(?7S=F?9;2VZ5DBR$%4E7
J--$BN8?BM*L\8I+VQ+DU*
MU[MY

TG/M%BM/1\^H ]N6'.;Z9E
M7+



M7XJGO'2]--Z4''*RL-&
%D86_?8

)^.



.T#@
;



MG)0/) K  %$TW72GY0NJ/?I=;P74 9@HEPM.F
)52XXPW+N0H]]E$9A,UT!
M' _(AR4WRMRE;2KU#87GL1 H-RBTN2.D-:1/EH[&%_[%5]KNBX P1U:TGZD



M2D?2_7*K[8L_K
KO[C**&.
[F:/T4' 47

DR]%




;&7T6%@ER=63T.\Y]9_E5
MU5$.RPR2;*0L;<M9ZY=-*AE<@+18*]F3VCZ@6.)-8',WKI;]A?RWH05 -ROB
MIWY]P0PMSK:W_R\'I?JMW*8GY



?Q3 \.=+4M7CK;J1M$RLBP4UF#:



H9M/-2
MG51^]S4B&VS%5T$XB;&
)I_%60##K_9WN)UC. [JY;5-QO ]: #+6_[Q5^)(

MY1PBIE';095O&Y8)*BTR@S6Z2RF]5
.SFYGW[=D 7!4'ZG/M+S0I$WGEHE*K




MN8VKY


?Z5H?G/LZHW(N!0/N:.:2Z;F:#D
^&(X




_2!%]L3UN8I?2&YY0!$H

MFGLLZK
QWJ83-M^2Z&^*6+HYV

M%@,BNH*\167TL*:VP[NG+?K]*R
)Q$TR6



1GE[*_;.P]\^
M5XJ=#Y+OI3(Q#^#7\S^K!\R9
ED51 JR$SV?Z!!P<!;3FCRI(NSXP*X$12Q?K)=K.O6:B;#<-W7QP
M+
4

26

X4JE;IMZ:T&Y6](B\YG.F99_LL-(0UR6%]\\$81NLH
MDXB&:G'AXSIO





MCL1;2N
CEB:IJ)$
T0FMP0%)@ 31M_XXCC[P7'E@

M?P8WHT:_#09I9COGWM]\*44N:4J$SC5H!SMD9J8]


#* !

M$)9UN8 4Y1M+'2BZX2K

M8)&6BB\)_0-$K-%3L-83[7-^V&8GN1-WDO.X_IC7FG:&=%8[UVKU+DH@O.))



MBX]2MSB4O9P/^L6(A7*MW2F

E.A&.K



'ZU:IZTRIQ


R'L$0



:#R&_Q='5O6S$H:&M_B7[*E]T&$#[JPQZX5
M-=2PB'B2]?4FA5._7MV75)9\ZQH <( 6)D7YNSHR:#T#I_5Y/*2.'E-R8F8

NH]\;4Y& $VP'U^EM-C)4CTXK@$KM$\[!.IX5CUOOC&-U8PE
MUU!DF8?T_G +6 LGW:PDHT\L!B^FRE-\
8[1TQ=)TJ;[


MWAP
=VJDLC(H'8^&B3/7'G#X.@A
AZ.S/Y_3SH\]\TP'%Q8#L/\PK/X\_]


:BML&KD1NHF\^494#;M#$POU
M!JD\RI-:=N::]^NA6'UV+&5[5-./4Q4Z[ 1#?


M Z;- 7OFVP
^=FXHYW+Q%0W=N*CC@+R+%7PP:7F32_?OL





W0[;:*@D



:



$X&
MQ$1?Z P)&8%(J].PN:T_NYSR+T
;  



M:JF.P8EDD;(0Y)2KU[N(X%$AWLHMQ%RK#DM2WX?QN4P@$A*ON8QNLE YIC
ML?&RTJ8%KKZXADJ7I$7A;QG9Y-C 88+K/4 J+LO


%)M/2#9$8_XC'4C'Q%T F%V[&7U$\PF%GFG2XH-8=9HH3\04

D\_80FEYU=2##^.):
MCNMB'[/1%SYBSE5UTP0D37R94!)-9PG31C5M$SK@&S3A 1512J7%EKNN&6]


MZ+'EEZVMB.YJX$#1\T5#K@W 1E;DM%EPD6^$!E_IP6.S?)L\#F.F[.L*,$7
M/G=DTF2^87(

8TJ343C 52C%'74A5BLASK
;;LF*_*=4:NG
I9)GU_ID83

L#*VO*%O;%


I;!(E$;6

K)9#H[E


TM4W'


8%B$V7#X78L-S^R


/\N[6I

MVJQ*72.



42=#A7+

M). ZZ#:W79@

7%
MR?GDW.:J-E* C
N'45-VYNR8

VPY8
QVR@CVU^7#+)KTQZ
T3%HKE




MU'%PVTBQ20]3!8\C*8V]DH+DA:0'*N7E.L/?E1@NZ\(U'S$5H-ZOD.AQX1L5
MZ2CV.]@Y(8T($ EST/R!G\!N/BA0X.'B?

MC:)-

7Q-
X;;U-/


T'





H7 $J2AJN','X<2B&?YX
ML
2/JT]6G(1XDN+HZN'^SAF.4H43!%A0F#AD'B;&*7IPR!0G%D9E

*RR3)=
M






M.0*





B6




M3$.
V5A7:.S.

*(JA!%T@$UO%KSA'1D$VN2
!1+Y$:Q UQD&ZN];&J(K&
F;9FL5KTN5ZM9HH'P$NSF\T7U'0J+@$7L/&[=,K%C<[13BGT;
M!+K87LN7P@-,#26KE(SOM;OR!E= J=A:;(XYKM*C9&@[S:


B6^+7
MW:JQ


M4+?CT%MQ


/V
MU@U66S
2-[5KBB[TYIJ@R'R';=VQ8MMZFU[TPJPYE_492.=QVXI,:FJ[_-M
MD D0.T]/A\1Z)9WNXMM.SG!09;6RM?.0^GF3ONRV%B4P)%F(JA*\YT;9HKY
M=JMV!4P9V%BO


 -5959.5Z*1)]XB-5%%%QW;NG
0 'UBW


MHQL/LRI OJ_0$N][OSJNVJ%_U52.R5


M#PR@ID3@8&D3SKSRFC'QOVKWFB/R2E=HZ3^Z8&.P)UK\+P:$+ZY&F'SP\9


M8H\OFNY)S^NT$@B%L]E;F(*ZUZ@J=CB612M\G$(16E$W:PH7(OL%.C5/LWO;




MXP.!Q0D)-707+AM6N\LTV8ID!)U6_=$=(ZTD=KR&/:(
6SZ4YQ$X-!\B
E



Q9D K
MUU6'Y5XH-+I)X';#/'PM+R3X#6JA-7^2$^_RL4#[%3R(CQ YIP/HZ%+H/$
MPX!?E7'O;)C8+061;5].14ZN5]+MKVW'&YBZI::0;:S$GJM,<Q(0S?,4^5Z[
M*I-:XX:K666[-UN]BNG


MUFW


R*6D4!IC$OM#[X
M\C\XI+-:#I*N5;*TUK8&:EM3-@'QRC=E6K3]#[2($3#Y1QI.]W8/N(!#RTE
MK1V50
<#MZFB+.1M-2@(7&S BGP[14JC7UZ$4U;VO1




@]FFFN
MC]

M08
-Y?V(C'.!2A*:^SQZF(J3\CKC#X$*(Q4$7 5*55B19D_T6X4AT5. :%3&


MHIE]5

L4^M:!?KQ;793$5C':.
X
BF%ES98=\FK8954_Y?0)M4G29V%-,]]80[[CNA@L#JNS/&_08(:!E_L

MA0G!Y!I&P]'#J9@$ QR2$EHV[LJY2)+(E44@D%@AK4!.99
6WU4%6
9Q';]!
MQLU8KEP0L!QP^0.:W6-]P#3(U:'#D$\(4!S*C8ZF[-(K5RD;20 '.DSLS:



M=@L8*-P

M8S@.ZN6US?JA\E[?4@YN\JH5I/!*')7TU'N.T-*^5?#).PV@:M\(KQRY*\&J


T.G73Y!\XU-V



M9N





WII=SON+R:@W&0!&PR?F1.&5T9!+40TNX5W*

G(\S[#F* 5]QQ$//J5%
..








J_^2OM!

M8EV_SSO](V-\)AK\9=3[R[CWETGO+X8\DW-(?%4O6V@!*#[N+^$.O8 3OASS
MSRF0=_Q\





MZ3PY^X92BMJW9I+\P'%LKU&#:6?'K 9.2_[I^IOD[
4YYS*VK^\6GAP&3S:?
M^=.^./K


M#FB_@#
)0\(HMW





M;H/+0HID!CK 



/$ O[%



6
M6R_2DBBC8/_ 
^3GR7)&#3!=S59J2A





M3+/GSFM[?..3673C72:58RJ=?F\:!4;.@R[LKUATY_).






EE&.

M?^U:22ND'?F')?T8MNV




M\3EC/'M?[:KP76
'29$GK^A 1N0S1OF=T**?'
DH[)31GC/($3SR5^(H+AV9
MZ*3!(NCU&PS[*R 2P\#N^0(L_#4+/XB8S]G




'



MH4:_@:P:O(:]1 [RX:YLORY[Y
GT3+/M41+Y0;/M.Y_6E'M\^BI(N3]L@3AT

L9!

9/VF_@

_6$YB5^%



M/(@7%HFO!$

-?7II
MEV?4</G-LK2.%?#PSW]9U[L__G]02P,$%     @ <WMV3H WON R @  ?0D
M  T   !X;]S='EL97







M=

MF?7)%BF3GRASOB&EC\_6?5]:^UV\5*;VLV@=PN9\//;%6E72_VXWJH::E765
M#'#H'L=^XY0L_5JI4)EQ
IE
QY74=?3IX[ZM!S?&!S:H(FA;0V%3\$VK9W^H

AML#?:!.6N9%!_.+O=Z/IQ%L616&GGPZ+INSVSTK6N
M] ]5MD=^;9__M$[_L'609E$X:TS[JZ:B_1'TX%]+OBD7=-$[

M@0:?M-=+;738S:+VNU$17
48748[#OO/;A#/W:\



M-R_C!IP/\A*.K=$E]%Z*S]+(NEB'7*/ !,
#D9H!@]2 29$I#I_PBY::

LC%6N*1G!*0T].-I/1K!/F.@'S'



!EBHQS9)/I(94S*(F6VP
M4 860!#1_MY*!XL:LQ
W$./@EDH#O#@_I@21

MN=Q@]L5K1B)&L.@TRI]A

MSQ+*(PFS1]XD!H

4Q;*F2W47TS^I$JI
29EH9S90GW
?F8
-1B3LE#.OL'6P]R'


MS6[:0!2&X5M!OH 









AW:?+UWR:?BWE]X3N'-Y/Z;+9YRG


N59;6MR:F4[]BSA1KLR(F)I
I*VP7J8OCV/?(%K
;
M6II-$T?7^^M]ZWEFG&OJPL3:=FS;E=^:CM\;YIZ:84VH:A?.TH)L=+M+74*Z
M-L]2-63L%Q.^W]B?I_ONM^1]7=*?HMGELBZHM

MRL?HZV[UGO?!^'AGVM28[1KV94%^NASQM:'# 8;*


I13.4H

@J4&25
M*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLDH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D
M52BR*A19%8JLD56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%DUBJP:159]0EF'8]Z:NOLI








  -4+









3
N




T  !X



M+W-H965T

  !D







  !D              ( !YD(



M=#(W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( '-[=DXGAMK@[@$  &8%   9



M='


P+GAM;%!+ 0(4





BYX

4


Y
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( '-[=DX#+LO \0(  -L


O


  'D0   9                :]K  !X;]W;W)K





P@  !D




M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( '-[=DZ.QJ-:#0(  /



M970U





4


R
  !H

              ( !SPL! %M#;VYT96YT

 0P!'$@  WPT!
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001083522-19-000006-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( '-[=D[SR&?R=P$!  #R$0 1    :G-D82TR
#$X
3(S
2YX
M;6SL?6MSVTB2X.?=B/T/.
WTGATAT03XE+K;%[)L]7G6MA26/'WSR5$$BB*Z

M-E6$V5JXH::-7[U7+5DS+


M%B\O+]^P7_U'82!%]9\-CSM^PW_T'E5H[#F+RKTGX_D-_(#(3B_ZXL5 #(^L

#CV.;6L2_?P*_^

++XYO]]_O0@+^B27

F$
MV7!TVUPGT]_]$5^;N*\!IPG+[C05Q:;_N=VSAK^SUBOYZ9JG+E8:0L.\6


4R^.CKF4GEUN[LIU</KA<KF3%A]_!-HH82+=$


P


V*

MG^_UXANO5M_^$%-6;7HO:G*]O1GSAWXIW$]VM1[#\:TN5E


1^QUM10G2\505O2:-'HS_J=[P5(40+


MIGID]]X[IKP ZZDY



%__)?\)2J_I39/QDQRR'

MN)^4ZUZ?W






3?FX7)G&
Y-45OB%%BTR.\PS(MR8-9]T
M$OE($GE?]3([B7Q
B7S

M8*C@J/FH*W0.VJE-M77#%CZ


ZT[


V3$$DNOP_ZM:1(?Y*MSM7EQ:!?FB+#$$7&M:7(
!M%QE50
\I;W1VUSMU)J[$$@[;-P.*;/9R[Y3W@

MXUBVL:2F%;HH69B41G^
W70#863 A$_Q5;7^?+=^1W5YL21FM%_* ]&H]15O




VW?UL^$Z0EQ1Q?OV+:5WI8
UIW^=3C]

MG'#SJB^&7X'AO6I2V3;




6

M*&^NNYW1IIV1^1YH\UKU1B.6=3=GEES4T;*W^/DF6TK 0^8G'+\2]KC5P:K
M.DFN/E7@H@GSO13N?H';
DNZX38)0:1]/=UKWYT3 ^T0?_7Q04ZL80'*B
U


D#HU!5KZP%


/IMX(_LXXQ

M]W]18G[@HB TZ_ RYZP7GEC9-4$ PGM#=I;^(_=


P@Y_1?0
H26:8:'OQ4$=C 87 B
\7!N'=F


M)NXS







M&5Q*+

MFR[O


Z+(DT\MFR!2((L8L(?U47F#K,


3*!I


Z%D!R

JO%;(WN:S.MHYQW?C@



]PU=AAXBR\;ENV);/P



M_RMX/[(9M_XZ

1QS9^7G _Y[ WB7F#0P@78X_HR-N8




M\K'3'ELN(2-GWHC[LMLE'S=C@VHI'Y
MPP.O9!W%8^(*[$
\[F4%LNT-
5$2


E
!\\8:?=M^RJJ
\%0OYZ)KDZ\=1^$UT
(?_!3

29 =-\B9O;PKE?AB



MC@6^@PYQ0S#H)Y+F/

N4B\KWF6+?8S'1!E=\
0[$^


MQM\):2UC[Q9E9JJ(2$S


M7=Y-




MG71LQ18ZL%]


)0G1L\OLCB(!XQX[;]$J5]+?\66PD?OL).AJK
0?;(
MJMKK+ P20VQ'.[

MPE\.
4&



Q6


MI?R-5V^&596Y8UC%JB:@ZO:%+$/U=JYA7!&_=NLEO+T7^_\J2U[$
DPM#8P/

!82EF;E)T7+:(W.GLKCL)5]-)!*0QWSJB-

HT
M3)0D %Q.O_)JGKCU9X%F\(WI4.632F98+42EUGLX$S7#@K
H*0Q'/%H8SL&
MS TK@[TZ[.7S)6Z
$@=H)_!ANR-$&I]4(8^#

6$::2YRU:#_=N
#TL:3WK!?LXNH

E^4EL]!IJA-W.[W;^
M/G=^?W 2.MPINAOO6*X;P5!3HG6^QD[CV\^%3'L;#!SL2-C3&E1^6DAMT1-/

MY*_K\

);;]LI8[AY2YH
M;PI!%:^*E)^&_=&T

*VEERV[B07^0!%WBM(4 ++N%!V+B_L@&


I:&SNGMA
MT'?+BO0EF$['L35(G;X


P
M/#CHIE%U?JK
[

'+-LLTWM621EL&.-)9Z/$2L@.



(0Q= _QR8:V#U#?:;:^AC-

MSJ



W:E-A-*;3)2HQF^A&;E1R4L2 E: [LFRPG56T*<#XNJ$




9EZ(^J
NFY18]#WE



& 581#
M3X

MQ;2!&=T@YS&/STP;)[;7-&+!B?L[B$LX7N_




MX+MG
/$

/PL!^U5:C+@3?*YQOH7#@A%=@5@-5@5+PU!
Q&=\]H7A[W1/N


M[BM0.Y=DC:HEZ+&]HSN)--8C9
QO8:_@O\ZFUX62/JDI\A&L/?\P;![ZQ+
MB^LN
UAO/7


M=&4KFA?

M4W.6[#*H&$EUZUKQP;C&=9-5U+#7/>C6T84V+?_4\B

M?6R#LJL0[VH9A[$9JQ [\ 8IGKKT&Y318!KK)Q.?+3LLNP^Z]
N/ K#XW4U


MK4$PS9E1K

N9

M1U@!KCCH _3-R[B:L V

M6^^K:OUY3TW\@CQ1
9Q@4JQ_[L;H[]8@K.4%NOTC5NIF'D.RL3H
RRSI[&V_


)02]42
6*

)OIN&L
+Z;/F-


MP:)H&(L:(&^8PJO9:P;4.\





G*BUN7##
M))@[B!DRU.3%HQ+$' @V5I8*A82S
HH(!5$JHI0I9&V%0PRYK2*\@+EB4QTI
MK




M=;+E2E.#.G'Y9P'J%%AX'[%M:UB!
Z)92DY-@CZW.


P19##+;H





&V




MM3
]R)F?QC


MV*;]W2NQ'8X*$)!*LY(TNASNP%V,1$0NVQC(+&?PO1LPIQ E6X;E(?LL#$









M?;\
%88SHQFIZ@Z

S@



M4N2 _&!D*5




#+\3*\'%O^=VJ
M\\G1LU\
M\70-8OH?S1L#
F+1M=^


QR*ZPMHU/%



E=&+'[L;9

%%Q_P@!5/X&.53^S







M)$7QJ@5!R^7@[4?25$E0K/B\V7DQ'

$X=H


M/9A5Q/&P&1[

J%(RP)W8*_8Q2(/

2;#:7_S J@WVV5D3V/KOO8V@L-;$#

M:R]73'H64RNX-O:Q:
\\&@SS*VRI1


;UUEY9
MY= =


MM
D2-R
2_*X8#N:*915!G9.AZNNI\HM0O;0?MD-M/&GEL)
+G5RH6BX



M0URT0JD\#=61U=*


F@B
5NB7

V!DIE:V4'ULWYJAM _Y.%:U5Z1^N)P/\TK.T=$S7+3G]L

M


Z!\31


M=2?O5'STD_!!W[-8%W*WT7@+];W.N=@6@C?JI&C&$E1^AEQ.!NW0'COW8B='








O$#ENU4=#MP1[06R!

MC)OZL]7+KXD+CPL54+($A:..#33GA+7S)+RGITDU^HSH$UG&QII8V?+)414&


RLH
MS-:E0=Z4Z3D'& Z&Y_A[#


M$NN/C#V0-:+K*


U+.)8\L
G=G+

T5KXL90
M:+-$W2

J(Y&+DK11U=UCTI26%F@J[@O#3=

M;80HDC#


77LX\V75Y<7IXQ=Q.\]I7.?SU[[W!_SG<1
M_HNBX?NC\5V4O@_XIS.@A
J?Q$-7E


MTV?N)OG

0L/

MQ;LT!S.+@&D


M )8R'1!
?'1X*D(F-. 46&$$ Q\ \@3:$[ =NQ8U^(44JG 64\Z '$OTD6*P
!*,<
MS3N+FL\N?Q(]9 DFTK&A(Q5YOL. BAH(QH)I;/J8R+N6S..G71;SL.OL(@@


/
M-'\N9GV$QA5;0A=B7XICLQN6XJ!7;^)XH9R60WDL(Y4?8X!G[)OM!]DI7P
M 3RE
! K)O_EAA%=!?RF0Y6(Z1OCHLF@XH60QNEH) -5!395BF.&S9Z1^112




+CD._T
#Y@[@'IY7.B

]]74AA0U\'MLD5Q[_:!/=L^Q-SARN




)G!


U:?Q%:OH3[8[?UN
M[^]W[X\.TJ_^Z I<YV-S5?-.E]A.]MS=*;\_I=G#\;\8'C9#CVP\QAV@J83
M-/45-*-1WG[T_&/MNR@EW?&N3!5 @FF\
DA8I!RK[&


Z

B]OJ


6+Z&K(5JU]P




!T/*6R=



MZO3+EI17:$ )JD%7EN18%6&DWFC8D?X8I)?$GM21OHX586I_F#0BE3^:N7_B

8CZ]:-%DE;J6
MBU-]K.AA\LN/?G:T^81(\*0W_X1H_#F0G%FZ!\=)EUEZ*#])O3)+Q=3R0ZV0




!T.#H
2


M\6-R8AB6$T


M9! 6Q&(48FX&)E


M!#T918@JTXR$9D3+0&-^
&Z(C1YQ92#^@A[/*H+C+!@QX:6E1W7=H%28WW

M%(7YV-S2!_-%BELO^;!-I]5']/N[O 5=ORUS2G\(6R*B_UA1C)5=PJ.I=%N
MG+= G0_=1'UY*-509&/M*1#1*)29'M?O348_P4&XHRE'W]$K1D5MQG7B+$V

MN2?=.3


ETHK6_X!XQ%P,X.5 7(C/,YDE-=9(/18)_(8&T,R]Z&3$J9
MB?PK,\Z2P)








3KH
Z



M$*Z;)/ 1LXC [PFA7T#0 +=95*'NW;P+L;N%FS HC5Y*O/^?X&@!T)%X*'
01U[%'.A:13()@\.H-


&4(YP08/3: 7V=(&+Q.


)Y.L%OL]=$)%:

M.LPW[/839'PA)5H
)H4!6)#L#Y7==+B543TA[A\T

M/KYV%5*W_#*\8?

M!M7&7BL:.W2L!:78KR $-M$L-(-66&#5/2 9'@JV
D%)2?R2RA@I['T.G15P
MPII


ML5R1S
XE.UFD(Q&8VL[$^3[5T;*DA,4G[&\ZA*9;R'_S#19.




OW



)0C\]@=SE52@A
)M(\5@:JFK
T?6-)AWPYP*

M#9Y)8

5/S'P._UY7



M7J
SE@[D/2!SPO'G/*\?8^V8@(2]NS)8_&G$$F96'_ YMDB3&:YS/!FY82A[

_&A(U.R_Y:[
;GM3GCA$48K/
MHN;F
L%5XM[CJ

M%ED0=;X5JJ[ I0?WI0'1%\:+WR^0N4C

%#L&[\Y!F$N


S!V

M@QT
JA1^8CQ[NWQ

M_K$1*]:U?VS_:K15OC6]$4SJVU+7_K%K'U-KBG?-8[KVC_4_.]I\0G3M'^MX

M]?O.:_NO6&B/1QE^H9'6;UG#

 UL2&O=FL8R
ME!*2:AOC(5E^^7)M-!#.RM4&P']Z-N 1RZ3!^H;6N4-[7:T1UGDJ^K5[I*
M/MZ*0S;0MJ/&.JC?\8K 'WY04V;E,8/U2,GOSMV1OVMF1L@&X6TO93?C]

FP76E@HM0\7-HS86(1V6#?3!='.1)$4P7^X&OSC461O?@4V8OA
MBOOLU4&O0'&0\AQ@'8'RZ1$B*13[*0DUX8AFR66_&+JW*E9PYW(TBT\U



MLEU:R\6I/$-B

G8CH1TXF8'+F,E7$M$)';:\FRG*0L&\Z
M=@/Q6\KQSO-^\&$+M=3&ZZ+)E1:.?0-R*H46CG[?L?\ZV([E
?VJ8C=SN]V
M_G%W?BMTNE/T.][-YZK




[6[?UN[^??^^-^ZMYOA0)VBE[ 4*$?0:$KD\HJ*XK0.0#;JO_5TF8\



7W

!\SA$DS0U8&\T86++[4J$U%%W\/*;8@R9LN_2
M6QM.]\R0:8*A#@RY'R)L9\BTH[%1#'D/4

V
%



MTS%G-]+J=MEJ5[#4$*



M\N/^31XW3J(\W7\F) 01]IX_NC[QIR[Q/OFS()RSV:RI66F9MBQ=O8:+O*G7

7IQ]L:U7@489S0KH;=A%DF35/ ^?*!OBAGIT

M6![\!-]$4_CU


MXC2; Y+26R-.[?37B*
11PW$435.IWR!Q:_TD?H)/44]10GUBRKU%!N3W*@[
MK\J;_5@);PR[:PT6^?WZ
[/*ZHSMU3O;&KN:;YQI---HUC8TLSL32Z.91C-U

M%!F+


MFX7!W

PT
M%F;LH:UAIA&[7\.


X4-/]ESO[-'

+@8QZ0(M%O6)A:;'08J'%8EDL=%\
+19:+%;$8K_.


M3

MB(NVHSSY+R&K1AX&
S=6

MQJ*

:9QJ+
^/)?FZP1AF-
FH36J/

E(15-8??-*1=AI MTU




M U@ _B7QOB3A](%$]/

MP+





M0$.?;4WL+[\]4.




MKN?!





X
X-][FS2P\0I'9O#('2M<W^NRXP**'%@);$J7'('5
M_QT67O8V$%$C F)6&*EKW









M&)_*)E;N0

1-2#-=/190ZQ4!
A #9I0L$=H %GSHI.J6)


LT!@1) 
P=F=\L'S
M+43!27 9U7.5\S

MCK['5&ZC
+Z]B6%OH%#\DD7FB


GLDGH1H6)3':?





M5Q?M#RZ_

(J?N;C3WZJ7AO4.JI3
V8VT


MJJIKD-Y0STOO(
*

M= DM0BWY6O)/*?D]NQ4V7!O#C2S7F=\K)IZ.-6J+[S0'

L^-X)$KR/M2ML




M2EQH;$[NUMK(EQ(\D)3BZL*


C2*ULT!.4[/&

'TK\L[$E'


SJ-P=Z+6'WU.WZI7D%[



M+8B)9S@KU[15M/AT/'$ST#2
XHU2%0WA0?5*Q.Z
1SIG467K4LJ-K#28-.3N
M]2G I&]O=4B5

M?:!\&L1'A0A'BO2!+LX?#9K-;4#LQ4.@UBO0_:CBQ\WVA:F[TK'4GI:2B
M5*CT@T80]?(1V@PI=E]#2I,@10F+5&9V'&=W\A0(YB]45!1M
F@; Y9FZ)E


-G 'LS7&C



MQ:(=.*0M5/DCG##RL-GY
 KAA1+&;#M

M&9\@'B@I^1J





MLUW6J/ERP$V


MD%NU6^9.[04!=##A%$KA1#RH7%\




;7

M=P9+:#;6I+2 \&Q$CO^KIZ VO T8#3

MVZ

*\LV;;2D2V@
M:M'7HG]:T9]4?.5(3L/M5!Z+D?XSE-N\^Q;$Q%/1N-.118D3UK7[+S5[3A%=

TCLSN6[2JV)
P[@TDC7?2A):0W

M^J=2
J?RT[M)OZ(\4V41I4%) AIB-


M##@%@XW--\UTK%#B='+MRDO-GA
X\W9_Z_74EN.*A!:B!AH--$T#FL% =T*J


M*I





PIC

M@&*SZW
U.P7J5'G#MMWO]/N#RJXH-(&(JJIQ3?_:S:A&*.#*0:0'YJ-&$#5V





H7+/Q*'ZF?T-.4*91.ORA=IE#&Y
9&

:K3F&YE!#2A/VO@89#3)-!9F)


M&




:9QN+






E+1%%;?O%(1=II =XU)TA


TZ#63HYH4#LWJ%E'A4WY1W+G


M
/Z^.H3H
1-]#(/YS]]A
)]XUTD$.YF&T97O_!KX][^ZC]2YBB(:1^^??Z'!


E42B*4'4R'O_71TIKM*&-*
M/4](U-N+W@7['W(-/TLGA?Y+ID45$WZ0__
0'AFV$#LD//RU/L+RU]HW]

NDDY7/O



MSY.&=3P3JD=XJS






M=./G\GB&Z[R]^!33^:7=MR^
*2P8OOI*9V\O/B0A&^36A/]AV^';;\&M:=W:

A:K_?#14IXMKV
*?4\ 3IO+WH7

Z@.])R4POI]:ZO

[ON.#[::QMIM4.0N#=8&3 QSH7VQA


?%R (=SJ\Y^=20Z4EMVU!HTZ4U




MMVZ#
D[6A*BEW


)\\Z0#*/EIJ;Z6&9W

MKRSI-=;+17K ^HDV+J4L0RF[S]:(
GIG+D


MM.!()S@C;4:T(Q]?I)\Y[J

_#UBJE+6AVNRT7=

BORUE(
M*?P60 V+*X0DIBJZ, K%!YJA<77LLG9=7%\%'JL[5,,?:J964-%3DB,.KQ%=
M(WH36% YHIO=B1IN5QL070F'3&9V5'2!% W-UZYOO%
21B]5M'OTMZ5C&25





MR1%57[EXP#X[A_
((%1=GP[XU(T/#)C1_27X-4XA4_H ^L&QXTX@=J_.&[






M0@N.%IP&-JZ0W5Y0+S/[*WVD?D+?M-X:$Q2S1'!,YETDD*WHO:(H2G  4GI
MK2K -@O6..1APU$$=5\[621.(T]$8RFW






M!1J&M



])&#2QJL-%@I
MSP.9P4H)4UKU:^^S0H* BG9RXZUA?;^U6=$2M:ZTZAJK(:GQ@6-PT*I/*/

JCO@!FY
MEQ%:KLO%AZ53.K^CH6&;'6-M_^*M
S.(?_P\UG: W?KJCK&$YGL]'3^$E!ZP
MWF!F!$EH3)
(H((*T*Z&F$T EV_6(1!M_=.8FI]WPT6?KVL2/\4!-#!_8!
M;^X *:



PS[SH[<6E??'.









DT!F/A&PWG49%7^QTI
M'



23;WQ*Y6.;








M3T





_1N[5+S6DB6_9
$JH@7Q

['D?TR3T=Q7<3VWWZYW9Z_4G'MNUJVFLKNW6;TGA[?<BW'7MY)M/
M;V


MU!VA/

7+<Q^*WE<7%C@N*99-=E973E*$M[Z]
'D&Y.:06G&5
M1O'#WW]


GOO6#Z
MU[O__1_#^/OYYB+*Q+O.VXM/
9U?VH/^A3$%TL&$OM+9VXNKZ/;S[-:T;FWS
MUNJ9XULQM]N;F





/Z
M)6G?H%;_5



MJBY[9

6?Y0HV]]OC0OK7L
O$^$C?\%_$2^O[Y*HHHOT?S\LVE

M^3\'T:[1QB7 ==$*5'Z@6+J&
LPL!)IA1^@CG^16-.!1@C#MV[)(:'%B&=


M#]1 L*.P#?':)N?%-?$)LU^(/D_CR'S(SG\9/0?@7@+N4E#0N%5S @5A


JGS@DH!\
LO!@VO?4A_WF 8[
M]W01\V=7$1&(?#6G8.G!!OOEZNK+:T9F_+L;.DU-W8%;/[\??J _H!%JH;


^U3N
M9J1RPL?%L8J/%_A /?&F&6-UQM1L5$\%?WOPD0('XV&B5E5VPW[ 7/O*:Z
MJ!;(1_E I\QI

9XH[%D 2U!]'#7AATL*#'TD


=_;

A]3@=T%C!BYD93X

S)6!65R&S4( T+BPVD%/#MV +
SZO61Z^?8

M: )YH


MV$0P:W0GP93H-LN60//T6MB+#R0RZ'=@H$O!\$9+%XQCAC1(&WCI+ SF10[C

[D_DQ@EW?)#S:*LG\.H0?'*?




9](!P@6(]?]:X8

);P9%T.O 0.G9\



=BE88^! 2!(\CQ_OB/\7^PKXP]Q1]MNE-S#^FE8/

M



O/OSTFIMUQUK&UUSAW ![

7.QOG_) 8&GNN;8JY0ITB3+7H7A&'P!-MZ+FJNDOO[
M$-4N%3L+]URRV/OL9&V H&ME'G-FS8(ZN\=#]CSXF%O0PG!ZA'D'(1B[/!:U
M$DOJ


M 9V]&&/$



M/+$L!/LG%T@6)5-41[


IM1'R?0)3XXY51H[
MQ4$+Q869#+3(SX@6)H1$T.T7-:\Z^F!^FQ$M'Q7-B.PMC3C(I!$A;00Y@@L


&
DH@IT=+NJ_0@
MKE_W0=P?W) &'C
1
M@YU7FKYLW?S !:#

, !/8Y0YY9@%E?UT/SC9.H4OF7&/


M:9'07MP1+GK!&8
4RRBX+IY&&X73Z$8AVI\%=0P;*S4]/)8N@;&9
.9F  I+



'&;##[GJG+DAC/U O!F.QN,R3VGLGL7D
MLLB2R*I#!9:YU'^S.A.KQPZVN6F0WKY ?9M=OV#:X9$E0G*%*CUREB.V15N


M1%)3)S]

MS\6TST*P-8UJ%C/^F?T:I5^EAWG

MXLG4+



M&5C9A;%M*


DT_B^=%RV%D$5E$]$WZPT]\











B#

9]-7JM
SIV
M*:<UJ'%!XT)]N+ U$6;)_.,?6<F1E,RBOV_ZK3RUF396;-[?RF*%O/9_+]#

2I?U^



M
DS

M2CIVEL PK5HK\
.AEYX;\1I\?E;1NU0=F;\J*_3+ZWR#/7HY#5BU(KZ5%%2(



MTYI\=[Q_]Z/HXE6L[TBQF!*O$YU6RQ/SB40II:@5E9'ZX^YH+-GYF22W_AM1
M&:DOV^&G)




MD/7








W2\\%I(EH

-V-CC:B33
MI3Q1#]NTK\R&F_'I#@U\4

%P$
MMQCX^MA39/K@ BOYK











OKE
M/ENYISF['
4X*WJ7=[++F


7$]EL\
MXXJ#Z5_LQ3'


<Y.V,.RY%I''C0%0\K
[O+8OC_BBY^P^+( 5



R^2X#8 MC/;HO#8 BC\G6U$$
@L-*!US4^^2#-<Y<?L:8)1$50
PG,EZSECHY14+,L4&
M\[-[\(+G*#^79A;P@A]\L^Q'7,9CX$[I4K ?[\:ST/T<_AI'S'0&/ILLD%[6
M#PS019F%?JYQF6P2IZYT\MJVXB)F0
V

M-.([?D

8VU[VJVO[F!F

PCP:45

MHQA/\H9)H94PHP1]


M8\9((;=]*6$ZRTU


HBQ$)6(/(+%
ELT)SS
MQB*(7.&LDK^HGYXY(!J(7XAZ@@4BBL

*RN-A.D+I$)8=@!#N
T


Y8
MR.9!GHH)7!QPIQQ0&5 !!6-
 ?L=(\N8+2;V)\PE\5
_=@VMEC8AVRKK#C!D
M
.Z#/5-&*[/M%;/X

^B/.N/) 10[\&#\_]'PD#K@8HMC_)G9!
DB#RD6]C2/
M


M



##/O C/5U$



O93N5C^BR_@0V9I76!.[J!
MHSQ.M9HNA2&Z_/(GG[D7$'\U;9?-H%1)@$6EJ(A6^8A_.]_+7X[YJV4
?:6H
MPM-0-%+A/@$*^ ??%#LAJDF.9.(\POA' HJ*.W:XQ3YF@? U;7$BXWV =Y=+



?HB/Q.=G9W67CO

@=I&\#L-
5-


LZT0G/\A(#HIA3D8N7\&5QJXHQ
MN/PQ]N'=-\%'WW9((G #W3RH^HTP :@&Q9R-38D/O;V4M%EG$ALLU7O-1O
M3-S11


M@8-=BAJ\/+!57H/5'92K[++SS-DS_Y7X\(9IUTN0!7X'_[1*YR.]]F^M_#@
M[7-

&&5Y::SV&D


&Z3\M[RL;)K#PGY7RJ\3TIM.(!(I


MCN+W5X5IF85 4A1=_6M
TDGKI#'[3
1G\EQIS+9[SB6J9QG+ L?C1DMXDIU^

)73#]:N3R6S@S0
#.0



2^8!0Z/

*T+YG:!2QN]O;BT+]Z9X]X

M]3*4C;=/:-2K4.K-EY7@N#Y5/QE6N

M1GB6Z



XLN_8J.PK-\X=*?\UA]\D7Z/
MAC!\7;PN+%:'K4-XLB]_)4\

EJLFYE




;YKC;*\4LRA;#'J; 3VNLBWS4
M%?M@TW'VR[?
\/^W6S-LWO%<E;YOP: 2H;1FQ446DO\'W,Y_)')<_9)
MQ/RVF,[G,YO7+/C*B)+Y'+VXLI''DY#P9M@C[VV_B+O?QT=V






ME-26\XO@4MKRQ8!$&5%E][[ZBHKF4JJJ=+?3ZXY'ASR.$HBJG;@I+-3%F[05
M!$EM@D+UB;5TQS.\F_!C=$J@'?4PC9$; O[JUUR;V

MD


O/@/



PO/[?#EF_!



MV+(7
[\R_$?I$7<-[N:<O6.'Y*9\?U9N^VH^\/4&+DW,6WP
MON








_(55V/?H]I0-9%HW\ $H?8F7$*N7-W[R7RYGT[2=Z^2_GK

-='?B


ZU@L






?5V\9


M6NTU4LU;ZB-1WV8\0-[7IMN:Y*'
M%J[G?PLGG(JPK^+Z;]3F\ZN-;VVN# 7X4&*C)@55501?;0%!_2*Y$#7GN2

M;0D[S)ME
CCH
M<YOVERX[GX0R9+S\_@0/?*T=$#(+DM(^B)US3B](OPZ^3(H[5_4G2\[Y)^!




5FO!.


MUDN*PM_Q;2F$X##B&4N['.Y'*'F*3N_3\/2^

MG%OKM/N]. )&;A I9SZ&MKWPL!QP^]



^9K8H*@MK&3:9F+&/K
M@\9RK6U7?1BS/RCI.''#_4&S

97U&Q*B4.U(ZM=!TQU)I=.@&@PU



M83ZFGY:&X

M_#IF_#4U733_@-//9^X6[Y# B[[VV@(#O/D\7SH6#$M\@:Q=$Z]+)BO'8**.

U':IN6
M19
';^^C;JEV ?2^^Z#Z4\EM37&3;N FB(];(EW9*H\@(E.CV+:KJ/M=\=


ZSHNO3








35-SMKWUNQ[AV7Y7KU8597O52+/42$]+3

MVT@N*5#1CCQ1[^R._!]SS[?M

8KP.C3:LGZ#]

M& :JOP('/X%G_
;\\- LM
KO^N&_!D^#'V;4HC8\\Y:


MF?



MMI!C#%GI%=+

XXQLAG[K4_!NY\26%2?@2W


^4M/B
ML02A*P8P1#&EP$SVO :M&R2P@Q1N06Q Z )26F+ZYT?X_OFXG:
HW&':Z%RY
MZ


5M
^8(1R4S*B09+9'-D@/[69X]=





 
AL/3W



M@)#I@QC
C%DF_ :7]VCH#N&M2_A-!WZ$-4





M
Y.FTPK%T #CX-SH?&(4
A+#X;I_0%_!%@N #+SZ#WVCQI^!YXM?BP6#)\#L
MH))47ST(M):1&=(

T/!BWR]V=

K/?W/_J0&





[Q%EAU$2_FV![C%4!;:0\8[XG7#W5!)@!1J



]3CL2SWRP^79M.TP0UG0C
MNL!7VB/^V=@ 08


M(\

MH)/26S+*M+COR=)Y J-W(T.)=G)&:@@L/PJ%&;N#'BP8]7@0S5A?G:OZ1Z]'



AB$#]P8!OD)

^

MS:8R9)Z1A^;[NX9)_'(





Q@H& ;%2:MCEM#X

MO]#G5RA*P33TWGXEB
H2-KUAL1O;OD_^-[[ZZ68RXJ@UZ7C1SI4UM
'HP 6$


MG!?T5]/SR6?!AW5S$W_C9\?Q;;SM(/WH'S\\SUSKI_\'4$L#!!0    ( '-[



VU5E/E0WT:'XY+1TD8Y U'W:LDR%O

M4


928M$H0QYQS+D3


&X






MBOQN+[X-NPGP0_O@G]7BWFU[V-.=(MG_X\C_%''
GR\C$3-#94.*L VE/ATX

M#G9=AWL#N?BWN.@IPF$^3+K'\PB+5H0BY'IJCX&8\]X)%#R
:IWO)J)TSC 2
M;WTM=YA45EY859&\

M-ZRM. #LETT







CO%Z.(*=/2#0UKQA.3.).'U+ZS8A='


Y^
50MOY]-5#N=-=HZ8<-61
MZG$TG

MDEH%Y8LCE3M7&B55
I
@KRX\Z3$L!NLHNZ/MFULEFK^K567$7J-1 9QV-4JP

@D

MR@:T//NV5F06Y!K?(\CDU0G9MJ33F&'9O2;'BR?HB9\&Q/N:&6%/7K&KI#C/

M5LG ?19^#GD**?-F_-;U[J6MPG$1,LK1;;_RDQ$X$+7\ ]SV+&Q;R65MX;



M*+5B'9C5\&



GYGH7SX3XK/\

MQ;/$.)ZJ

3V<#DR23.=^5]Y6'KY%*$


\(]6N#/
NHW3[*0HJ2T:-

M82TR
#$X
3(S


M




#Y3XJ [-#6XI$_^^QQ].?#P;.ZP

#AQT
M
XT_G2'?Q(X\!$6I-:*XP&_(/O$\:&_+$A
?RR.1EEPCFA/+H@&RS]_F0%J4


TB![$WS] Q-$:7(KMUX4B6$ZS3L0*'
M-]4KP!(B8L+K'F3.D-O

M_4CQ32 X#8 
KK\)#/-X[ W'(_'@]YH/.@.X6^GFZAY@C0G- WI%8D'_ZY
MQJ/T4#%





J77:3Z
MWXR4.V15672ZS@6L. \(


G%)
ML+H.S2 


MIZT-[Q'W\









VSEY0H



P+&H:HCN*

_K\H6BPP!^A%F0ULL9+&KK;



MVUB3C2'QX



EK&4#/\32S)^CL2S$R#QYU^
G\
R?FGB






MF/@3UPT \@KV!^(S6Z7(KYJYEB/Y



*LZA^)=!#X O\8NG@6S.# 6/CLKF9MQL-OKCL?]
M[KC;'XWZ_8;V;4C6MV TJ1$GVZG#J-EC!6K:T/762%):$(G55I.6DL#T%+3


M)4PIY$







1W6K )V

M6-D3X
NO_P=02P

MTAX](T*QZ_S^;OS^X-T(.:9K86?^^SN?[AG4Q/C=W__VG__QVW_M[?WC].YZ
M9+FFOT2.-S()

_[8T/]X[&[U^H]6[$Y.K0$NU');_PKY875T@6




0BO\HS.



U0*;


M$C73TFU&$/N;;SQ=9\],\.WO9KD2=MIB5AW:6G.:VI9K22&K2\MT3+)T3J

EP0X.G1S.SZ@DIZFILR39)^+E+&3%




M6YJ2:*A4+0F.A)U= .7'R=')IT^?CH\^LO\='1V?G!QU@=-F]=(%4$(6 6#'

;H)R;0&47@JIP5&J7A(4 ?T I#^Q+!SV?VM@Z\HY
U;8
M

MSB-^3SNAA+T
]I/)XX7B)8*@@2[5 Y-1\K@EWQF@)R!&$Z
SY5J0CJ9\
M00@FI^RXRE


WQ4^N+=
 QU/@E;C5CO%]W
3?!NS

MDC+:TC+:$#/Z2TS.7_DQ<4!1Q6/B?*@/_^5'GG/1 ;Z:_.CR#X]](PL<UT
M2W'V*RK8_X%O&=FG'!X+@#



YVZT
C9*L16I(Y]-HUG$W7PF
+:2D(Y[

MWXX^L



+&?MGOH


MO5M)I8H=B GZ 8P)MJ$TF4$
3^/N
/UYNCY%CKE8&N2GZBRIL%H/QN:XF;$I

3YM@ED& ^T41#



MBLX


MYVX(\%X:F 0KJ.ELLN2B*
[J4KV9/J\?ZH)9S2$TJ!4AK/(S$'F-;OT=!QHV
@-?CE.8(&G73*L<D[&W/8Z9V+;[B[\Y



$1/0$+G&QE/H'7/)
M(U
:PE.
!QFZ:!A&CE'I9[$LM6[14^#+Z,\:] P#9(AYEZ2G!VJ F?O3]=


M



MR3

@Y?+
_V][R1V*GFF*06P_I
:AISKJNQ2/U&Q^TNXU=E*.=5+V\NA/L4J
MY4ODG:N*O+@-T
M3I3I49+1'!^TE?D'6A%+D)1RNB1^K^5F/\F\#!6V-PL;2







X
^QSZ[#
U$%








M?A

_29*D?


MCW6*2@+(5.H5;%(

6Y59.E
/
]!P%;%ZBQB1%C:C=^TVR\,*0UC: H0(-2VC5\KA
M$ !.+O@G7LC*A2-[X[A2R V;3OBE(L#@%A?H\1!R'/EP@57J2IU$*W+?I



9W
(#9&&?S
MP-01AZ#6:@'71BA$N:RG)3E &/&/\C;%4OK66*@+G/EZKAB;--"@U^I
M90H!L34B)1
)&YUJ2%NT/:F&@3Z+8[$Z3!A/XUYW_+;D+DB$.R 6#UBYT.





M8Z?U.2;(9/7DCGQ%80B6KZ9ZQ@Y]!7L@_?;G_ 9;@=]^6Z8'PRA[S*5UO_V6



MVY

M+XC1A



M%_&*Z%5T
!0L=3J9+\MU#2*/

Q]6J:\W

M1/C50\[-Q?WT-N3Z*OB[R+=8HH%NM:;3(Y8J8HF [5W/%F?IO:=J*#;G6H

M3DP//_.


M526V
SZ


M6_



&6C!G 0VB#7XMNF9VN\_?
FL35-NT4SF1=FQ-5F&X;

M'9Y\^/01SI.&PU5




MW9VR@D^
I97;34J











_G1P? CHV
M@*UB0M$!T+HKYYDM0-@ZU'E!EI0#H(G1.^@21\KY1@& %=))2_:U=OIK_-


/3NP?C



)BQ?P%_$$#
M?+IW
GOS*]=2L\
0M:S
)6%#%95!1O Y83\4%-(BNL?'$M
M;
V5Z9+
&
M\9@TF-[=NC00
3WSV3PC7:F5KP[BI;M2\)7G1J8\:QQ\6(LL1-,$_PP,7@K
M*?%;T:1:6!W$0VW5)M)GOI










M)V0TQI+T2)V0BK( 7



M



M +XK!P 5    :G-D82TR
#$X
3(S

XDN;O%W'_ VYV

4Z2:I&QK_OK#@P]0(D@0






H Y)U&4TT;

;N# .J-$$CG^%9V4O_XGWBFQ'Y8#'UH*:.78VBL$.KA4



)
 6\_T/:* 0\UE;6=&Z-



-E65!!U^#R5T/ J3+Y;EX).1;

Q)\&

6

AD6FIOM]NE3]Q+/W3V;YJKRH!O

63U

 ECG\;

MYG%

H
M7?;6BJ;#LI
(*@7$P]C:*P@^Q%3V=HNT6;X5
G#(-2:N& 9EAL[ATG^PRR8C
7+F1-&.CIU_<ORM*A.5;EW@[-/*!3(;
M:54$S$[M[#=NZE0\HA
QQ/^0%
V0DZ!
%^+*!@GR379KIB[
1_:%R_[ LB\P

H >V))7XD0
*#I [W


G%UWN][Z_#2'AS=T
M:DW$RR1\QOR7[\64^8]_^HL=YCK&5JQ&#HH;,'?*ZDUV&-O:?AW0ZFO=DD



T!X6!AV@]R*K#
^62@$.S












V=P/F
MPJUE2!L9)WKGX15Q2?*-S;1I15KCV@QIA\6 TY
*6'E)H5P&

MIKG


O_\)XZP!5:K*XF9M=K^:4O]K *'5O@(;/^IPPS6^#N/X


B&M2VJO
M@

? -QIGF!\2'R-)[4&

M&6J
S[/TWY=A=)XF_S[

A_%4HI2(/M.'



QP:C;YY+#PC
MOC@J)@G!8_H&?=PPNZPK#YP?&J&67A]5%0;

N%D:


M@&-7UW+C


 Q



MBQ@&%P;*YS!'3%K7.

^K2DZ R

M/\C;*'PF







IKJ

ML720I*H@X+9:;V]?;11]$8*'21'5?%#$+D@K3SA\PFRC5CT6/2@'/ *5T!0O


NL 
T=Z2T8^Z1QAQ


[WW% D6SI#N:TH-38=QB/)7+A]FE7_\WE#








M[F78'07V$1=/
\
??UMPS 6JYIYQ0&7O?HY(@L_#%]5PO;(@<'I0
M@RN_2KQ?G(UQAKO%.XC*G6A+735+:=7GX :+E(]




#8C]S;&X=XYWB%HPA[%Z]L=X]YLFO.LSY



M8



MO]L4[OFF
@W 


MK-5I;5L) $XE[9U1NJ2I71LP=1B 

I1IFR&N;\;/*^0JK6[+


E3PMSC)/%YBM *PE1YT400=-HP

+&D3)N4T)#G
MK)U'BZO'^L.RSN
Z^.S2WAEF\QK ;&( 8L1Y#*C5D:%\4EH=(;D7 *^.7)*



M#E-XMZ4(X%1BXA92MK4!TPE1C!,0T8H8X/S3!UB^MC47,DR=B8NEMR
[=$


2*@ ;I5:<X9'8]<-X&^$^7^GD$R^6EFP;T6F/&M=
MAI$BIC6K  WD-H#S%SL;RD-_M5/7_$[3 Z8 0W9I(#J&#I0J^CJV#$K1R[C



'C/?44U!3';^ L#FZ_J
MG%'UQ./Y*
) /*V3#^% =X15SB^-DH8;%

M59LEO6L!3CX#N;6TO]BOL!$-A12XYFI; _*#.)/6A8FH7S6D!G%\AFH=PN

M09DM-2.H$??GAL/O?6 7Y-3JOQ7U5Z&;F7@H=#.:7-.:V:@$.D)0#C(713
M*#!5B.NR-)T8R1$]\ : 9[7/\TE0X]N^=36 TX(&W
H7MP^+ R8 ':O-%]&R

MU 


MT;2H#/Y*C0F6H1O_T)U65=2_76\T7
.!YQ)[73G+PJB]U:@L#)08]4#*'7IU
M2
=




A=.2
2O/[/C-W&+!;F^
MI 
















3=!W&D@_L
M)OZ.\!/+@_Z

2
M.Q@K]/@N^#UVXC!P_!LGV49XL3K=TFD\CAN6PEI6!1K7)@[('P+7K ?]#?V
M


ZOGK$FJO_C96



M@=-

'MCY9^\&V(SG,\EM0,((=U.6XS#.^J%H:].
UU(@N*Y+%&65W*2
MQ325N6/RF\7BV'NB-8!L41TH;9LZHI2@4K

.EO8



G%
MZP8'L=D


M5G#GQ:OK;SWFLT].X#SRXP3H$E/GB?2MJ97\A&2785C?4S5^_^*40O'846QJ


EO D!T$1V[7:R?:

:-LH
MZ&QJVS^'3&S5(L@L#L

?M_QR0Q'2D



MUD)@XNH1N;SFP][+$TZ




MOV PYC#)FS#.%5VL5IBM819^NG
2_OA*X!*?\ %J2SHS$CD9+C-WF&)UK[6\
M2;!8!UB]K-%EZN6Q!+

/K&]W'92L3-!$BO<'U/&;C013F8


+'?65@\2FLI;91/$O%FJD)M

&]%G].5^Y*CHT_J B&O@[)14;X
C
1S/Z7]T'J5[IH$

2Q[_G-J+3;4P;51RGQTXP^C$*MQOT







(

9L=_]BC

M%X%7QP]CNB7=%)PA'/#QSPX[T8#([Q



^]$A 1OCW&'')__ GFJLU$8 <-)H[XS25%[
M-F#Z, !A/!%,W]S-=%)&6+:T#NF[YL9RE1:F@V
YY(;G# JX6YQ

M/5*5


P
MV-@



E/0N\R889ZYZ)/A!G(B.V'B

M&9&*N/+W7OC2]T[

)TR5<26<3)5




1YPQ%$B#3;HO_8'&O2C
ZY)*MI(Q53ZH<XD6-50)F)+U.(8: LMUXF$4L2U N..01Q3(-\*




HPK:L]F?#5 M%;6&?:^'G(&1(*4:$10L@/ZI'< 9'5 Z%EQ&=A
MP!\L7/I8_

MWO(\Y.F2L



M!RW(
B'45@!

:L7:5CP4VU:@[W/@HD]4\

M]=;KZTH5YN_B'X5(*$9=7CWAKYZIKZVR06_$.Y[GL+1!G^#3M1)Y+
)1P#

TKH


C!NTH'0)FS8*X5#'X&YA;.)R
ME3.4*T-NJ@UY:J?8Y17YYJ


M 
ED!:JL##_FV
MCE!?D5+7!4P K2'TMO+/=2&A#(4!RM15/J V#AV
YHQRK^\L*2FPC8 UMIPL
MI(H/;W%$0H^X^:ZN

E^&

YQPE25




063JNH.D%64#F@B0[VZTV

E2Q((


MCCC8H'25^/L8+UR2@
1/V/LQ#+WX*J ZJ8C#\UJUS*DO VBX=W+)X=A!4\!D
MQ@]M\8P]AEBE]J%'9B BF866!A)CN4O# SV-*!0D\LEY)2P[Y7S-1C*E$13!
M?$1SZV_C#@S3MP+(]#.(
W-NZE4Z=.(:!JQIF&;6(&$.6I0G/:E%B)F$
IL0


4S7&90=C1JL3H+@R1R
M7.7E)9V*0*FH/?C2L8'&6H '2V


MF.JW=L9X#


M0UL+LGJ-;:\X(#6L[NGA::8/8\:)C58/$)Y&%A
W&.SWII)M%BGI\]F)?;




MG B?LD

M](^QCS-T7



M!-X\\.[Q
PXNUAL_W&%\GX3NK[?4-T_4C'I6

M\Q9G=>([+J81MWRJEX'Y.F_D!.X37@2X

M_VY6WF$_37?8TX+E'7:)&MCJ#)0=*9#NEFG4^A_MPE[KC5#NCKR@.GM$:H
M




&?T


M)2-
A#B']YR*0A%)'=CC[0&A4BS7Y?JR'RI]



_KY786BZ79&:.K'!


MATZCO6*TR)G2FQ+*(OL
*GDD
VE0[I
*
V[@/8^S95(_:N H%257_.RB?G



B@\A_

/?!:U0MVQ

M[B8

M=#L\YNZ).H1IRM=S**]F]@FBC6=E@F;FT3()VN$$%19:SO4!SN&?@R@7AES9
)J26KK3#[PGQ-[?JOJ76;R-Q-;.1GM
MI\C]6#K^SU=3CH*MKX(D(D%,W)\<7_E4^Y#ZW@X[5[MZ(%8N*WL;;*S #(Z%
M<SL1-W3RU-NSW[.$JZ'L,Y+[[+G*9Q,XW);NGC%D4MBM@A?]EOM*8RA%$Z!

MRD!84_446'FD'Z#/X;&.7NA

C3N'P.
M/!Q)#Q2PET3RW^
V(BZ^8\ZY#E]P)/XB:]+N]%AO*B=)/OTZO)ET^M$W.;+I
M&7;?)#
[3#:*MLS$\GLEW


?.@* LV1[9ZB?GZNK#9C!#$#T


A[3!393CG*3D60SXD:CA%I=
M[(D(PXL-$4AS8H _S%U![V)(G7IPH ML0V8
&]MU\\?'#\Z189&MB5AIHN

MJ#EB.JY#X$8]I=TV?4QFD2\1#.SJXCI./=PU1PT^53VE&M
$FV$1YL4;Y6
MTY'S:8U[^^33C5'S*=U:'PJ63?4.ODWPLO!WQ]E+U^
RRI#N'QC%1==O[#


MH/;OY@K7' -W_B02J@7L
4G

MMW8!!+H61B-J'\K


$^Y?ROLR7









M8UB;F;S/)\K5V8LITM&/]*#*&+]ZK?:WQ.;-/\-@]*Y6_5;X7L
#\
A(3F8F





0AB

M);*Q?T*P2V)W.$ZH!=0T[K3*.P9-98%3=U$F3LKP(FM7I[39MJ(36E$3L'

M)%]LJQPPLXWO XLI%:G-[].AFK :26:7-S&_



C

9.

M^-&A6NST#/W_0(=]P]G^PUC'R/YY%[NW;\?Q#RG/_E0Z*?''^+!UQY&\S*

^8F7J:T=
M OVM

M'Z9^//%U]36(N6-4#WX#&(2TM^_-CD0
?\IQAB
MC7N38Q)3'\$?F ADQ8*P

OHJNN_[7+IV+/QS?9P'7[2<3HZ P/?9'_7
MQ4_PNST)7:O4ZR 4WU9S[H _?S+K18:?X =$G3YRK97X%WYCMQ3%9$?' 5



M!DLGDH=%W7=?-J-?;
EH69#'<#<H&VZ\0!0*$!4 \I5H%2'Y0Q4EL#;STCU(PYPY/C4








U-G-
M3RKVH0TZ&0\+&B +Y^- :

H^




MAH(P04F(\*N+V3+*$T8^69

M;-?Q!K\FZ.$%^\\8?0J#Y




M[#V'X/$ZC.
S)XIVJS!B-XM5)%1; 3C5-(.545=&C!M:!AMVKYST8C)1B7A
M=L)\%+ ^ ^O6@;4PF+AX==8DX%SMA@^!W1V)WW61(O-U8%'
)$#F$


VSE&K$VOO4O7?H^9!9:.)-ETEG5JJ8=;[['&NM
@






KL!FK

_1LXJ)L]^1).Z RY)VLG=


(KTGV!VG.FS&E\]G'M_W]:?U3
4

]9FHZ0;+OGT[B4ND]^0:.5JM,GG8^O3)5ZIQA

&TY/=94)G$9Z


H0.C5\K(%/*S0H7*]'L@I#&D5R3
X
84](_LL_2L


S)LA;N![)M$K%V



SLGNS7[@EEDXC':W[1F0XQ\=Q:CQEWT]XO52NMJG*


M9TT[R1*J\W#MD/VG0)K* FY]C1S1J@L+0M-MMK/-NBDM%BA;AL5#10(7YD


&(G





MW_8.LY9

I3*M;)PE]K![D^E9JA7[NK*PF^.:HA[;?*P

MD:D-M71H4U488(3JVVQ\
C&5S*
TDVW[)M_P:!T=M./%ZJ5#(I:Q 9_N^(7?
M

MA]UM%-&P.G5B$G\.PF5








T


FV?

IGBH=%H



M


OAU+?D.CW


MT_W4Z_SZ[JY_:2&^6BY#^V')O[SC'Q+E?_;\TIV;FYO/_M=C41=F%43-=C[_


M7H'EPC?PU78%$I+1=/7T/+TB#+S:YAHM XM_'I RSL$&KJ GCBY*%S7(RW!?

%;&6C67*WL YHV


)5F@R^Z^#@0[/COFQ1)
;$I!AEATV4[MJ

M=WJ%1\_1=H6[J\+#)S54Z4ZK\&C)356S/R@Q


(II0*KQ



J91NEGXKLK8*






)OZO :^(5/@D((UR@5^R
M1MG.$%


RJ)=HT








M5/\QFDZZH_Z\


QSG ZUCOQGFX?QZEJNNHLA@$7(:(
4IU@8P
MZ:@)=\ +N4F:



!
9:6GBKZT20$'_DPS





M*2A'JJ$_ATQ-EK)46*')P7NU'?BOTT&(C(3S&EKC@8E8_6:&@&P_6#$S(H+2



M 0 LL
7V-8D0N+

MHC+A2E\(0W:$*CU%YP2RQ8U0^D+ Q49WZ5RYR17R6?+IZ0YXN1OF1!GMP9!/

8FA.XB%)#&3S7





/'&AC






X/:23\PLZ2E(TQJ
D
2L9V/W]$P
MP-S^25HZTP6O./F3J47\Y*12#F.@!M&.8@^&^
G:%_0XX9@[T!Y1!7F7&B

!\@&$[O=K[3OJ/Z *LF+M*A


M3

M8%2
%9H\FV#G:NE]S^4@JB1/1#V?4&F?C?F!D[.A_V;RIMAXGD[(9V;HHF



M\Y0@4Y#7R7F



.F5YM^6%$WRUD+# :Z'




0XY\.NYWA?-QOGN#6

B&
M[86D[0]5YL](S%/4^1^D S-3Y:0R#9 R24IJ+DQ0&4?JXIRH8%JI828Y1N%A

7<TZ=S<S&?=Z7#6

MR7X
ZG=3AL
MJ'5L2<[3*?PL&I]'_.$89I[=A5I#2O319.):%R)8 +L:ERPM22^AZ-.MRU9
MH_






AVUFO:;6D.ISSN.40:ZBG(8RBC3
M\UQO[7LVR!BW/'!#J


J&I
M&FZE0?6_W4P'-2U^7'T*N=7^@Q?JZCYUK']UK$#^3,! ^EY[V_YVI Q'5'



M:9:ZEP7XHP0%5A0,HJ6!G3\P%7WF]C1 7'TL#MQ@H BIKJ7@*+BC- DS.S

PZ.A'@;6J_]?YJ!/9D-=X7;NP3P
MB65.9(IL-QRCP!M' X ;2OMK05]WT\FJ.76NP1(%6-!)VFF[$G:_]5JNL;

;3')J70):BK @

DS51.BTCP!P\4#B?S*




$0OMJNSBTSBGY[LFQ(!!WKAVO1)-Q

?'U'ATWI


MP\CYX]ZR/Y/T7.&(WN/8@TM4CVFA8*VNC(*+DU9ZZ2C%C&:^S(OE/.#2^UY:

M0


M.:';CTN'S\










V[1J9
N
&$G



M:N7H2TO^L )@[;_)BWG\8\? H H-71##^I%80*.@%DI


5-?PBJLDF7DZ ZK7A#

=G?L]PW7##2VH($;'YDJ5#))[6Y*@UIW?0I*
7O99N4E;F2

M\AI%K*(;9KAIC4 BTJHK'23A'2EF 3#Q(GV[VZ-IV

7@UG2YQPF.KJ
M!IOB1$?X$6E=EHZ?8X[BW]$PP-S^2?(*3!?4#1F
%$8P4-!M/XQ*&]@
5A_/
MCF&YAH_U+P:T\/KY P3!^HG;4&8&TBRY@:QIMG[V)*41ZHQBHL:6Z(0OD1





W5H%WJ%$3W?!

C6\NZ=1[A]9;B5SJNF&\(*T1L!
MIJRQ5K$[Q?BMQMP^O'B;@YE^7$A?1KG:T U

M;(;L0BUX7YU'M/1GATUW?U !/0+Q(

M(;2R!?\MC[[L=J^8+


MQ#X]?E


MH(4#HQ#%E_BNG@ IXTJ*

;*EM1*KU..#Z\/2GF


4?AMM8+&DIN*^!?)^PKB
M7C+'4RWWO%6&LEW-!I=F


MGB)*

M2)'T2NII?KZ8SM8.7NKTV;9@RK\9SA\ /WG$T979H)!911
@L-.FR2'GWGL%

 9!)F6/C-E

RMISPL*+)- Z
8N9I@
MY)C&=_KAN[+Z\=LI


-1;&8-_G1]1SX ATF&%'JZXHB7I)%78*I!(_VZ)/





3R^F(C\00%.]0!%?
ML+];1N#ECDZ








NDH2S.!=-TC?C@IQF$N12G(#3!943-9\ 
SQEV$A4


M+K]





M)N73![5$RB66DTASR&F\_&83@OQF$ZWD1R!'NEFY^+3+G\BWVT9$2[XU+K-(
MTJDBFH;5SMPK4RCY3

ML1$BS)7!F4V(3IUT@56HTSG/F:EU&@&%LI




M($1JXF+0Q


=OC.
MY?[@N9YAK1%7.!!%:^9B4
7-!#T?:




M0W]DVVQ7%14(?/FXGT/G2+IZ]H'(@ZKWHQ4&(B/



M(TT%X


@H1K(GS7))N=&:Q/*0EP'(!.0X\M8YF



A T8/IF'=&;NL\&!919039K6B2D
C

MGU\\





/*

U\075)H7BJZNX*_UHX*BJ!GFRKR/$=
M3Z#TV3R\LZTWM#8*)PGW%


AQ?OP%E!%Q_/DBRDFI@JZ?#]: ^GBJ62U.-
NP



U02'%L%S%0K_BS3/@]GE
H&
M*2HXMA)BYQ)#6HR


M1;](]+


F#A$*8 ^Q$\V_BGNA8!UNZO&B)20TIQ75 HT:8K3HQ9OP




+N7S6P


^:Y^GFD

_50V_!M.B^OI4^

MBHD:NU
)KUGJ

)^!L^O2




M 96H%XKK=Z*


MJ+7?P-W[NPPBW0ZRW0MR9AX^U=/#ZK!I4 %$,+BF;XYJ;OR
W(CEC^YD=0



M!EZ6/?@&6

TX


M=!=GDTXNW2_YS'OAF1JPJQY?:'L1'6J$YOKX4T&B


P!]]P
MG&X]^

W_5W:V5;:Q@@]^'@K%[1
34FFV<J@[T?;%MM?NO1.ZD[B3U3\/:.^P

SNA?YS)&/_UX
MQ%?E&6?PQ#?E)

Z1!H4'-S3R3\+Y!


WMK

NLBA@R-'B&45VI/EA3,=['9@!6V_A[M?OA)';;6RMHPH!G

MY]T8%&Y8'TA6Q(L*7'^E9_ FL.H1[ W/@6&@G:7M +BU%H:#
V/00Z'S-:4]



$I[N3
)JEWRT(A1.=$73\T.LJ!QAA"JP!#*K5






&N0$J0#^J@14#9Z3

B+
MI-+M7K%;!0

M.*S7_L7

M^(H=.BLJ-=2J

NZZ81U8=NM6./JY*T+!_<(]K:#5Y


M3Q5L1
10$Q#E55


+ 3JV9

M

U#(1



@FF*
M6#;!E$$;

M7;#Z=6N_??:O3IP/+/E1] \L^%%
\.'//[X_G4GY]$$MD7*)Y232''(:+[_9
MA_V40K^1'(D7[A0SC]^Y[3
<NG_5)0FC-J[AFX016QE@<Z+-ZX@JMS0$

+].#8:/[T/AY
P\(I;7 2FSWF)_EY$*V*SNC@IEO0F9$
MF'JB93T!$^ G_]U




3@Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

M4@( %0              @ ')'P$ :G-D82TR
#$X
3(S


[90  OBL' !4              ( !+D
! &IS
M9&$M
C Q.#$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( '-[=DXF%N'!@4@  +8H

end



