

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-21-000613
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KONA GOLD BEVERAGE
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001802546
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				815175120
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56230
		FILM NUMBER:		21829482
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		746 NORTH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			MELBOURNE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32934
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8447142224
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		746 NORTH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			MELBOURNE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32934
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KONA GOLD SOLUTIONS
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200714
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kona Gold Solutions
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200206









     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549
FORM
10-K
(Mark
One)


For
December 31
 2020


TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from&nbsp;____________________________________&nbsp;to&nbsp;


KONA
GOLD BEVERAGE
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    

State
    or other jurisdiction of
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization
Identification
    No.)


Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc.
746
North Drive
 Suite A
Melbourne
Florida 32934
(Address
of principal executive offices and Zip Code)

Registrant&#146;s
telephone number
 including area code: 





Title
    of Each Class
Name
    of each Exchange on which registered

    
    

    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act
Common
stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes


Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Act.

Yes


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#148;
&#147;smaller reporting company
&#148; and &#147;emerging growth company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

    
    
    
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Emerging
    growth company
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant&#146;s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (based on the closing
price of the registrant&#146;s common stock as quoted on the OTC Markets Group Inc.&#146;s QTCQB&reg; Venture Market as of the
last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $0.0505.

As
of April 12
 2021
 there were 825
726
839 shares of common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share
 outstanding.

    
    



TABLE
    OF CONTENTS





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

    
    

    
    

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

    
    

    
    

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    


    
    

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not
historical facts but rather are plans and predictions based on current expectations
 estimates
 and projections about our industry
our beliefs
 and assumptions.

We
use words such as &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148;
&#147;expect
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;seek
&#148;
&#147;assume
&#148; and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors
 some of which are
beyond our control
 are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted
in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those described in the section entitled &#147;Risk Factors.&#148;
You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to certain
risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our forward-looking statements are based on the information
currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which they were made. Over time
 our actual results
 performance
 or
achievements may differ from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements
 and such difference might be significant
and materially adverse to our security holders. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking
statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
 or otherwise. We have identified some of the important factors
that could cause future events to differ from our current expectations and they are described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
(&#147;Annual Report&#148;) under the captions &#147;Risk Factors
&#148; and &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&#148; as well as in other documents that we may file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;)
 all of which you should review carefully. Please consider our forward-looking statements
in light of those risks as you read this Annual Report.

    
    

PART
I
ITEM
1. BUSINESS

As
used in this Annual Report
 the terms &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our
&#148; and the &#147;Company&#148; refer
to Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation.

Corporate
Overview &ndash; Formation
 Corporate Changes and Material Mergers and Acquisitions 

We
were originally incorporated as Class-ique Talent Agency
 Inc. (&#147;CTA&#148;)
 under the laws of the State of Nevada in March
1997. In October 2001
 CTA entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &#147;Reorganization Plan&#148;) with PhaserTek
Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#147;PhaserTek&#148;)
 pursuant to which CTA acquired all of the outstanding shares of common
stock of PhaserTek in exchange for shares of common stock of CTA
 resulting in PhaserTek becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of
CTA. In accordance with the terms of the Reorganization Plan
 CTA changed its name to PhaserTek Medical
 Inc. (&#147;PhaserTek
Medical&#148;) in 2002. In 2004
 PhaserTek Medical changed its name to Union Equity
 Inc. (&#147;UE Nevada&#148;). For purposes
of changing UE Nevada&#146;s state of incorporation
 UE Nevada formed Union Equity
 Inc. in the State of Delaware (&#147;UE
Delaware&#148;) in 2004. Pursuant to Articles of Merger
 in December 2004
 UE Nevada merged with and into UE Delaware
 the surviving
company. In July 2015
 we changed our name to Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc. In October 2020
 we changed our name to Kona Gold Beverage
Inc.

We
have four wholly-owned subsidiaries: (i) Kona Gold
 LLC (&#147;Kona&#148;)
 a Delaware limited liability company formed in August
2015; (ii) HighDrate
 LLC (&#147;HighDrate&#148;)
 a Florida limited liability company formed in January 2018; (iii) S and S
Beverage
 Inc.
 (&#147;S and S&#148;)
 a Wisconsin corporation formed in June 2018 that we acquired in February 2021; and (iv)
Gold Leaf Distribution LLC (&#147;Gold Leaf&#148;)
 a Florida limited liability company formed in January 2019.



    
    
Kona
    focuses on creating great tasting and healthy hemp-infused energy drinks in the functional beverage market for those who lead
    an active lifestyle. Kona is a proud member of the Hemp Industries Association (&#147;HIA&#148;) and strives to promote
    the benefits of hemp seed in our products. The hemp seed in our energy drinks contains all 20 amino acids that are already
    found in the human body. For those leading a healthy lifestyle
 hemp seed protein is considered to be a complete protein and
    is compatible with a variety of diets
 including vegan and Kosher.




    
    
HighDrate
    focuses on the development and marketing of CBD-infused energy waters available in a variety of great tasting flavors. HighDrate&#146;s
    CBD-infused energy waters are geared towards the fitness and wellness markets. Our CBD-infused energy waters are powered by
    Alkame&#146;s patented technology
 which provides premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants. All of our
    waters are infused with CBD.




    
    
        
        
        
        
        
S
                                         and S focuses on the development and marketing of Lemin Superior Lemonade
 which is a
                                         lemonade that has no added sugar
 is low in carbohydrates
 and has only 15 calories.
                                         Lemin Superior Lemonade is available in four flavors: (i) Original Lemonade
 (ii) Blue
                                         Raspberry Lemonade
 (iii) Peach Lemonade
 and (iv) Strawberry Lemonade.
        
Gold
        Leaf focuses on the distribution of premium beverages and snacks
 such as alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy
        drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 as well as CBD-infused jellybeans
 in key
        markets
 all of which complement our current product offerings. These markets include over 600 accounts in grocery stores
        convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina.


    
    

Business
Overview

We
are a lifestyle company that specializes in developing premier hemp and CBD products in the functional beverage and fitness markets.
Focusing on the hemp energy drink
 CBD energy water
 and CBD water markets
 we believe that we have positioned ourselves as a
premium lifestyle brand.

We
currently sell Kona
 HighDrate
 and S and S products through resellers
 our websites
 and distributors that span across 27 states.
Our products are available in a wide variety of stores
 including convenience and grocery stores
 smoke shops
 and gift shops.
Gold Leaf also distributes our own products
 as well as products purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers.
These premium beverages and snacks are available in more than 600 grocery stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
and specialty stores.

Reportable
Segments

We
have two reportable segments:



    
    
Beverages.
    
 (ii) CBD-infused energy water
 (iii) CBD-infused
    high-alkaline water
 and (iv) low carb and low calorie lemonade
 as well as apparel with the Kona Gold logo. The Beverages
    Segment includes all of Kona&#146;s
 HighDrate&#146;s
 and S and S&#146;s operations. We consider this a single operating
    segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
 the accompanying Consolidated
    Financial Statements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information
    used by management. We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical to present such
    information.




    
    
Distribution.
    
    stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. In addition
    to distributing the Company&#146;s own beverage products
 the Company also distributes other products
 including alkaline
    waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused
    jellybeans
 all of which complement the Company&#146;s current product offerings. The Distribution Segment includes all of
    Gold Leaf&#146;s operations.


Product
Lines

Within
our beverages segment
 we market five distinct product types: hemp-infused energy drinks
 CBD-infused energy water
 CBD-infused
high-alkaline water
 low carb and low calorie lemonade
 and apparel with our trademark logo.

Our
hemp-infused energy drink is available in both regular and sugar-free options. These energy drinks are infused with organic hemp
protein powder and contain essential vitamins and ingredients that give consumers a natural energy boost. Hemp protein contains
no gluten and is compatible with a variety of diets
 including vegan and Kosher. Our hemp energy drinks are available in eight
flavors: classic hemp
 platinum hemp
 sugar-free hemp
 cherry vanilla
 bubble gum
 candy apple
 cotton candy
 and pink grapefruit.

HighDrate&#146;s
CBD-infused energy water is great tasting
 sugar-free
 and powered by Alkame&#146;s patented technology
 which uses its advanced
water treatment to create a premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants. Alkame believes based on a double-blind
placebo
 peer-backed research project that it conducted
 its technology can boost the immune system and physical performance.
HighDrate&#146;s CBD-infused energy water contains 80 mg of caffeine and 10 mg of CBD. We believe that CBD aids the body&#146;s
endocannabinoid system in neuroprotection
 stress recovery
 immune balance
 and homeostatic regulation. HighDrate&#146;s CBD-infused
energy water is available in six flavors: watermelon
 kiwi strawberry
 tropical coconut
 Georgia peach
 sour apple
 and blue island
punch.

S
and S&#146;s Lemin Superior Lemonade is a lemonade that has no added sugar
 is low in carbohydrates
 and has only 15 calories
and is available in four flavors: (i) Original Lemonade
 (ii) Blue Raspberry Lemonade
 (iii) Peach Lemonade
 and (iv) Strawberry
Lemonade.

Our
product &#147;Storm&#148; is a high-alkaline CBD-infused water. This water is also powered by Alkame&#146;s patented technology
which uses its advanced water treatment to create a premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants. Storm high-alkaline
CBD water contains 20 mg of CBD.

We
also sell branded apparel. We use only high-quality textiles and specialty inks and foils
 which provide consumers with a premium
fit and feel. We currently offer shirts
 tanks
 hats
 and towels for sale. Revenues generated from sales of our apparel historically
has represented approximately 1% of our gross annual sales.

Distributors
and Resellers

We
sell our products primarily to beverage distributors and resellers
 retail grocery
 smoke shops and specialty stores
 wholesalers
merchandisers
 convenience stores
 and beverage services. We focus on sales to consumers in the functional beverages sector that
lead an active lifestyle and need a balance that will meet their needs of providing their minds and bodies with a focused boost
and quick recovery. Our beverages support consumers that lead a healthy lifestyle based on choices made about daily habits by
providing products that provide a healthy alternative in their beverage choices. A healthy lifestyle can result in consumers feeling
fit and energetic and can reduce their risk for disease. We believe our products help consumers stay hydrated
 revitalized
 aided
in stamina
 and allow for faster recovery. Hemp protein contains no gluten and is compatible with a variety of diets
 including
vegan and Kosher. The hemp seed protein contained in our energy drinks is a great protein that contains all 20 amino acids found
in the human body.

We
also distribute premium beverages and snacks in key markets through our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Gold Leaf. Gold Leaf distributes
our products as well as products purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers. The distributed products include
alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused
jellybeans
 all of which complement our current product offerings.

    
    

Industry
Overview

Our
distributors and resellers and consumers span across several industries
 including energy drinks
 hemp or CBD drinks
 health and
fitness
 and apparel.

Energy
Drinks

The
energy drink industry continues grow every year with an estimated $12 billion in sales in the United States in 2020
 and sales
are expected to reach $53 billion globally. The energy drink by the name &#147;Red Bull&#148; dominated the industry in 2020
comprising approximately 25% of the energy drink market. In 2020
 an energy drink by the name of &#147;Monster
&#148; market
share was approximately 15%.

The
introduction of &#147;Red Bull&#148; in 1997
 and the many other energy drinks that followed in its footsteps
 has helped turn
the energy drink industry into significant choice of consumers in the overall beverage industry. The rise of &#147;Red Bull&#148;
and &#147;Monster
&#148; which accounted for 40 percent of the energy drink sales in the United States in 2020
 has resulted
in the energy drink industry rivaling the coffee industry. Energy drinks have an average of 200 mg of caffeine
 which is equivalent
to about two cups of coffee. The liquid and dry coffee industry accounted for approximately $102.5 billion in sales in 2019
 which
grew from $4.1 billion dollars in 2003. Starbucks Corporation was the sales leader of the coffee industry with approximately 40%
of the market share in 2018
 followed by Dunkin&#146; Brands Inc. with 40% of the market share in 2019.

Hemp
or CBD Drinks

The
HIA reported that the 2018 Farm Bill poised to restore industrial hemp to nationwide legal production for the first time since
World War II
 offering vast opportunities for the industry and investment in a market expected to triple in four years. With the
removal of hemp from federal prohibition under the CSA
 the total hemp industry is expected to grow 18.4% from 2018 through 2022.
Hemp Business Journal estimates that the hemp-derived CBD market will grow to a $1.3 billion market by 2022. The U.S. hemp market
which includes CBD
 textiles
 and hemp seed
 is expected to lead the global market in 2020
 representing approximately 32% of
the global market. This growth is fueled by the public&#146;s growing demand for CBD products. The 2018 Farm Bill aims the industry
to accelerate and establish itself as a global hemp powerhouse led by hemp-derived CBD
 and establishes legal production for CBD.

Health
and Fitness

The
health and fitness industry
 which includes food and beverages
 saw consumer awareness drive trends towards health and wellness
plant-based
 and clean-label products in 2019. We believe that conscious consumerism will continue to drive these trends in 2020.
We believe that consumers are making food and beverage choices based on their personal definition of health. Further
 we believe
that consumers are looking for healthy alternatives to obtain relief from pain and anxiety
 and that CBD has become a viable option
because it balances the mind and body. Women have traditionally been early adapters of health and wellness trends and CBD-infused
products
 food
 and beverages have been recognized by women to have a connection between happiness and health.



The
global apparel market is projected to grow to $1.5 trillion dollars in 2020
 compared to $1.3 trillion in 2015. Brand names and
logos for leading energy drink companies such as Monster and Rockstar can be found on men&#146;s and women&#146;s apparel around
the world; however
 the biggest apparel companies not affiliated with energy drinks control the majority of the market. Energy
drink apparel is not expected to be a large contributor to the apparel industry.



The
beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 and developing new products
and flavors
 as well as highly intensive promoting and marketing strategies. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks
produced by a relatively large number of companies
 many of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing
 and distribution
resources than we do. Important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include brand and product image
 taste and
flavor of products
 trade and consumer promotions
 rapid and effective development of new and unique cutting-edge products
 attractive
and different packaging
 brand exposure
 and marketing
 as well as pricing. We also rely on our beverage distributors to allocate
more attention to our products than those of our competitors
 provide stable and reliable distribution
 and secure adequate shelf
space in retail outlets. Competitive pressures in the &#147;alternative
&#148; energy
 coffee
 and &#147;functional&#148;
beverage categories could cause our products to maintain or to lose market share or we could experience price erosion
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Our
energy products have entered an already crowded market
 and we aware of both our strengths and shortcomings as we compete in the
energy drink market. Our energy products are part of niche industry that includes CBD
 hemp seed
 organic
 and lifestyle
 which
we believe separates our energy drinks from others in the market. Within the global CBD beverage market
 sales are expected to
grow at a faster rate than conventional energy drinks. In 2018
 the CBD beverage market was valued at $2.09 million
 and is expected
to reach $11.38 million by 2025 with a compounded annual growth rate of 27.4%. Combined with the THC-infused beverage market
the CBD Beverage Market is expected to reach $1.4 billion in the United States alone by 2025. The Alkaline Water Company
 Inc.
(NASDAQ and TSXV: WTER)
 CannTrust Holdings
 Inc. (NYSE: CTST; TSX: TRST)
 HEXO Corp. (NYSE and TSX: HEXO)
 Tilray
 Inc. (NASDAQ:
TLRY)
 and Canopy Growth Corporation (NYSE: CGC; TSX: WEED) are prominent players in the CBD beverage market.

We
compete not only for consumer preference
 but also for maximum marketing and sales efforts by multi-brand licensed bottlers
 brokers
and distributors and resellers
 many of which have a principal affiliation with competing companies and brands. Our products compete
with all liquid refreshments and in many cases with products of much larger and
 in many cases better financed competitors. Our
energy drinks compete directly with Red Bull
 Monster
 and Rockstar. We also compete with smaller companies.

    
    

Co-Packing


We
do not directly produce our hemp-infused energy drinks
 Storm CBD-infused waters
 HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters
 or Lemin
Superior Lemonade
 but instead outsource the production of our products with our specifications to third-party bottlers and co-packers.
We use co-packers to produce our beverage products. The co-packers are responsible for the production and packaging of the finished
products
 including the procurement of all required ingredients and packaging materials. We have partnered with multiple co-packers
in the United States to provide fulfillment of our products from quality
 low-cost sources. These partners are integral to our
success
 providing
 we believe
 the ability to scale as needed. We store all of our products
 except for Lemin Superior Lemonade
in our warehouses located in Greer
 South Carolina and Melbourne
 Florida. Lemin Superior Lemonade is stored in our co-packers
warehouse.

Our
ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise
 particularly with new products
 and may be less precise during periods
of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products
 are unable to secure sufficient
ingredients or raw materials
 including
 but not limited to
 aluminum cans
 plastic bottles
 caps
 labels
 flavors
 juice concentrates
coffee
 tea
 dietary ingredients
 other ingredients
 and certain sweeteners
 are unable to procure adequate packing arrangements
or are unable adequately or timely to ship our products
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. That short-term
supply inability may also result in a longer-term reduction in orders for our products.

Raw
Materials and Suppliers

The
raw materials used in the production of our products are obtained by our co-packers and consist primarily of materials such as
the flavors
 caffeine
 sugars or sucralose
 taurine
 vitamins
 CBD
 and hemp seed protein contained in our beverages
 the bottles
in which our beverages are packaged
 and the labeling on the outside of our beverages. These principal raw materials are subject
to price and availability fluctuations. We currently rely on a few key co-packers
 which in turn rely on a few key suppliers.
We continually endeavor to have back-up co-packers
 which co-packers would in turn depend on their third-party suppliers to supply
certain of the flavors and concentrates that are used in our beverages. We are also dependent on these co-packers to negotiate
arrangements with their existing suppliers that would enable us to obtain access to certain of such concentrates or flavor formulas
under certain extraordinary circumstances. Additionally
 in a limited number of cases
 our co-packers may have contractual restrictions
with their suppliers or our co-packers may need to obtain regulatory approvals and licenses that may limit our co-packers&#146;
ability to enter into agreements with alternative suppliers. Contractual restrictions in the agreements we have with certain distributors
may also limit our ability to enter into agreements with alternative distributors. We believe that a satisfactory supply of co-packers
will continue to be available at competitive prices
 although there can be no assurance in this regard. With respect to Gold Leaf&#146;s
operations
 we continually endeavor to contract with additional beverage vendors to ensure we have adequate inventory. We believe
that a satisfactory supply of vendors will continue to be available at competitive prices
 although there can be no assurance
in this regard.

Quality
Control

All
quality control is handled by our co-packers. To date
 we have not had any quality issues with our products. In the future
 if
any quality issues were to arise
 we expect that we would resolve them with the specific co-packer involved or engage a new co-packer
for our products.



Distribution
patterns in the energy drink and water industries are such that large buying groups dictate what products are used in their channels.
Working with these large buying groups could open large distribution channels that could potentially supply our product offerings
in several market segments. We have distribution agreements with each distributor with which we partner that distributes our products.
Our distribution agreements are for a one-year term and typically automatically renews unless the distributor or we terminate
the agreement. We ship product directly from our distribution center in South Carolina or our warehouse in Florida to our distribution
partners in the United States. Our distributors consist of state-wide tier 1 distributors and regional small-to-medium size distributors.

Business
Strategy

We
have pursued specific and definable market segments with a multi-tiered
 multi-channel approach. We have leveraged our products
with direct sales and a distribution strategy using established beverage distributors. We are pursuing direct-ship opportunities
such as grocery stores and convenient stores
 which would allow us to ship product to one location where the direct-ship store
could then self-distribute our product to its multiple retail locations. We also continue to focus on our online presence by selling
our products on popular e-commerce websites
 such as Amazon.com
 where we ship bulk product to its warehouse and Amazon handles
all product fulfillment. Finally
 we operate two e-commerce websites
 where we sell directly to consumers in the United States.
We continue to look to online retail markets and additional established distributors for revenue growth.

Marketing
Strategy

Our
sales and marketing strategy for all of our beverage products is to focus on developing brand awareness through image enhancing
programs and product samplings. We use our branded vehicles and other promotional vehicles at events
 where we offer samples of
our products to consumers. We utilize &#147;push-pull&#148; methods to enhance shelf and display space exposure in sales outlets
(including racks
 coolers
 and barrel coolers)
 advertising
 in-store promotions
 and in-store placement of point-of-sale materials
to encourage demand from consumers for our products. We also support our brands with prize promotions
 price promotions
 competitions
endorsements from selected public and sports figures
 sports personality endorsements
 sampling and sponsorship of selected athletes
teams
 series
 bands
 esports
 causes
 and events. In-store posters
 outdoor posters
 social media (directly and through our sponsorships
and endorsements)
 and coupons may also be used to promote our brands.

We
believe that one of the keys to success in the beverage industry is differentiation
 making our brands and products visually appealing
and distinctive from other beverages on the shelves of retailers. We review our products and packaging on an ongoing basis and
where practical
 endeavor to make them different and unique. The labels and graphics for many of our products are redesigned and
refreshed from time to time in order to maximize their visibility and identification
 wherever they may be placed in stores
 which
we continue to reevaluate from time to time.

Promotion
Strategy

Public
relations and industry media have helped in our over-all market awareness plans. Our announcements of distribution partnerships
have assisted in identifying new partners to distribute our products. We believe that announcing these partnerships in industry
specific media help expand market awareness of our products. Feature articles and product reviews have also helped launch and
support brand awareness. We include our products in industry specific buying guides
 which has assisted in creating new relationship
with distributors and retail outlets. Finally
 we focus on creating products that we believe taste great and use attractive branding
with our labels and other materials to catch consumers&#146; attention either in person at a retail store or online on a website.

Pricing
Strategy

We
strive to set the pricing of products at levels that are competitive with leaders in each respective market segment. We offer
industry-standard discounts to distributors and retailers. We do not typically include quantity discounts but such discounts may
be negotiated with major buying groups.

Sales
Strategy

Our
sales strategy is to exploit the energy drink and water markets in 2021
 with the groundwork that we laid out in 2020. We believe
that tradeshows will play a major role in creating market awareness of our brands. Currently
 our energy drinks are available
for sale on Amazon.com
 Inc.&#146;s website
 the largest internet-based retailer in the United States.

    
    

Our
sales and marketing strategy for all our beverages is to focus our efforts on developing brand awareness through image enhancing
programs and product sampling. We use our branded vehicles and other promotional vehicles at events where we offer samples of
our products to consumers. We utilize &#147;push-pull&#148; methods to enhance shelf and display space exposure in sales outlets
(including racks
 coolers
 and barrel coolers)
 advertising
 in-store promotions
 and in-store placement of point-of-sale materials
to encourage demand from consumers for our products. We also support our brands with prize promotions
 price promotions
 competitions
endorsements from selected public and sports figures
 sports personality endorsements
 sampling and sponsorship of selected athletes
teams
 series
 bands
 esports
 causes
 and events. In-store posters
 outdoor posters
 social media (directly and through our sponsorships
and endorsements) and coupons may also be used to promote our brands.

We
believe that one of the keys to success in the beverage industry is differentiation
 making our brands and products visually appealing
and distinctive from other beverages on the shelves of retailers. We review our products and packaging on an ongoing basis and
where practical
 endeavor to make them different and unique. The labels and graphics for many of our products are redesigned and
refreshed from time to time to maximize their visibility and identification
 wherever they may be placed in stores
 which we continue
to reevaluate from time to time.

Intellectual
Property

Our
policy is to protect our intellectual property through
 among other things
 a combination of trade secrets
 know-how
 and trademarks.
We have taken measures to protect our trade secrets and know-how
 to the extent possible. We have three trademarks. One is for
use of &#147;Kona Gold Hemp Energy Drinks&#148; in the Beverages Segment. The second trademark is for the use of &#147;HighDrate&#148;
in the Beverages Segment. The third trademark is for the use of &#147;OOH LA LEMIN&#148; in the Beverages Segment. We have also
applied for a trademark for &#147;Storm&#148; to use in the Beverages Segment. We do not have any patents.

Government
Regulation and Compliance

The
production
 distribution
 and sale in the United States of many of our products are subject to various U.S. federal and state
regulations
 including
 but not limited to: the FDCA; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; various environmental statutes;
the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (&#147;California Proposition 65&#148;); and a number of other federal
state
 and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 marketing
labeling
 and ingredients of such products.

Further
the regulation of food products in the United States
 including products containing CBD
 is complex
 multi-faceted
 and currently
undergoing significant change. The FDA
 the FTC
 the USDA
 and other regulatory authorities at the federal
 state
 and local levels
extensively regulate
 among other things
 the research
 development
 testing
 composition
 production
 import
 export
 labeling
storage
 distribution
 promotion
 marketing
 and post-market reporting of foods
 including those that contain CBD. We
 along with
our third-party suppliers
 co-packers
 and third-party bottlers
 are required to navigate a complex regulatory framework. The
various federal
 state
 and local regulations regarding foods containing CBD are evolving
 and we continue to monitor those developments.
However
 we cannot predict the timing
 scope
 or terms of any new or revised state
 federal or local regulations relating to animal
foods containing CBD.

Regulation
of Hemp and CBD

Historically
the DEA regulated CBD
 pursuant to the CSA
 which establishes a framework of controls over certain substances
 depending on whether
they are classified in one of five risk-based schedules. Schedule I substances are the most stringently controlled
 as they have
been determined to have a high potential for abuse
 there are no currently accepted medical uses in the United States
 and there
is a lack of accepted safety for use of the substance under medical supervision. The CSA classifies &#147;marijuana&#148; as
a Schedule I controlled substance and previously defined &#147;marijuana&#148; to include all parts of the cannabis plant
 whether
growing or not&#894; the seeds of the plant&#894; the resin extracted from any part of the plant&#894; and every compound mixture
salt
 derivative
 mixture
 or preparation of the plant
 its seeds
 or its resin (with a few exceptions
 such as mature stalks
of the plant and seeds incapable of germination). Pursuant to this definition
 the DEA interpreted CBD to fall within the statutory
definition of &#147;marijuana&#148; as a compound or derivative of the cannabis plant.

In
February 2014
 Congress enacted the 2014 Farm Bill to allow for the limited growth and cultivation of industrial hemp
 which was
defined as including all parts of the cannabis plant
 whether growing or not
 with a delta-9 THC concentration of not more than
0.3% on a dry weight basis. This statute also allowed
 as permitted by state law
 the growing and cultivating of industrial hemp
under the auspices of a state agricultural pilot program and by institutions of higher education and state departments of agriculture.

In
December 2018
 Congress enacted the 2018 Farm Bill to allow more broadly for the production of hemp pursuant to state and tribal
plans overseen by the USDA. The 2018 Farm Bill amended the statutory definition of &#147;marijuana&#148; under the CSA specifically
to exclude &#147;hemp&#148;
 which is defined as any part of the cannabis plant
 including the seeds thereof and all derivatives
extracts
 cannabinoids
 isomers
 acids
 salts
 and salts of isomers
 whether growing or not
 with a delta-9 THC concentration
of not more than 0.3% on a dry weight basis. Under this definition
 as long as CBD meets the statutory definition of &#147;hemp
&#148;
then it is no longer a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA. However
 the 2018 Farm Bill did not modify the FDCA and
specifically preserved the FDA&#146;s authority to regulate products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds
 such
as CBD
 pursuant to the FDCA.

Under
the 2018 Farm Bill framework
 states and Native American tribes may submit to the USDA
 through the relevant state department
of agriculture
 a plan under which the state or Native American tribe will monitor and regulate the production of industrial hemp.
For those states that do not have an approved state plan
 the production of hemp will be subject to a USDA established plan
 although
states retain the ability to prohibit hemp production within their borders. On October 31
 2019
 the USDA issued the IFR to implement
the 2018 Farm Bill
 which established the required regulatory framework governing commercial hemp production in the United States.
The USDA has begun reviewing hemp production plans submitted by state and tribal governments
 although several states have informed
the USDA that they will continue to operate under their 2014 Farm Bill pilot programs for the time being. Pursuant to the 2018
Farm Bill
 the 2014 Farm Bill will remain effective until October 31
 2020 (one year after the date of publication of the IFR).
In addition
 no state or Native American tribe may prohibit the transportation or shipment of hemp or hemp products produced in
accordance with the 2018 Farm Bill through the state or territory
 as applicable. The USDA has interpreted this provision also
to apply to interstate transportation of hemp that complies with the 2014 Farm Bill through October 31
 2020.

    
    

FDA
Regulation of Foods

The
FDA regulates foods under the FDCA and its implementing regulations. The FDCA defines &#147;food&#148; as articles used for
food or drink for people or animals
 which includes products that are intended primarily for nutritional use
 taste
 or aroma
and the components of such products. The FDA also imposes certain requirements on foods relating to their composition
 production
labeling
 and marketing. Among other items
 the facilities in which our products and ingredients are produced must register with
the FDA
 comply with cGMPs and comply with a range of food safety requirements.

Although
foods are not required to obtain premarket approval from the FDA
 any substance that is added to or is expected to become a component
of food must be used in accordance with a food additive regulation
 unless it is generally recognized as safe (&#147;GRAS&#148;)
under the conditions of its intended use. A food may be adulterated if it uses an ingredient that is neither GRAS nor an approved
food additive
 and that food may not be legally marketed in the United States. The FDA has confirmed that the use of cannabis
or cannabis-derived compounds in food products is subject to these food additive requirements. At this time
 there are no approved
food additive petitions or regulations for any cannabis-derived food additive and
 while the FDA has issued a &#147;no questions&#148;
response to certain GRAS notifications for hemp seed products
 these GRAS determinations do not encompass hemp and CBD products
more generally.

Additionally
the FDCA prohibits the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any food that contains an approved
drug for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and made public (unless certain exceptions apply). Under
this prohibition
 the FDA has stated that foods that contain CBD are adulterated because CBD is an active ingredient in an FDA-approved
drug that was the subject of substantial clinical investigations before it was marketed as a food
 and that none of the exceptions
applies.

Although
the FDA has stated that it interprets the FDCA to prohibit the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce
of any food into which CBD has been added and has taken enforcement action against marketers of certain CBD products (some in
collaboration with the FTC)
 the FDA is in the process of evaluating its regulatory approach to products containing cannabis and
cannabis-derived compounds. The FDA has formed an internal working group to evaluate the issue and on May 31
 2019 held a public
hearing to obtain scientific data and information about the safety
 producing
 product quality
 marketing
 labeling
 and sale
of products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds. The hearing featured extensive discussion from a variety of stakeholders
regarding the use of hemp and CBD in FDA-regulated products
 including foods. At the hearing
 FDA stated that
 while it does not
have a policy of enforcement discretion with respect to any CBD products
 the agency&#146;s biggest concern is the marketing
of products that puts the health and safety of consumers at risk
 such as those claiming to prevent
 diagnose
 mitigate
 treat
or cure serious diseases in the absence of requisite drug approvals.

Further
on March 5
 2020
 the FDA issued a report to Congress that was required under the 2018 Farm Bill in which the agency announced
that it is currently evaluating a risk-based enforcement policy for CBD to provide more clarity to the industry and the public
while the agency takes potential steps to establish a clear regulatory pathway. Although it is unclear whether or when the FDA
will ultimately issue such an enforcement policy
 the agency reemphasized that it will continue to take action against unlawful
CBD products that pose a risk of harm to the public
 including products with therapeutic claims&#894; products that include contaminants
such as heavy metals
 THC
 and other harmful substances&#894; products associated with false statements
 such as omitted ingredients
and incorrect statements about the amount of CBD&#894; and products marketed to vulnerable populations
 such as infants and children.

The
labeling of foods is regulated by both the FDA and state regulatory authorities. FDA regulations require proper identification
of the product
 a net quantity statement
 a statement of the name and place of business of the producer or distributor
 and proper
listing of all of the ingredients in order of predominance by weight. The FDA may classify some of our products differently than
we do and may impose more stringent regulations
 which could lead to possible enforcement action.

Under
the FDCA
 the FDA may require the recall of a food product if there is a reasonable probability that the product is adulterated
or misbranded
 and the use of or exposure to the product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death. In addition
food producers may voluntarily recall or withdraw their products from the market. If the FDA believes that our products are adulterated
misbranded
 or otherwise marketed in violation of the FDCA
 the agency may take further enforcement action
 including:



    
    
restrictions
    on the production or marketing of a product&#894;




    
    
required
    modification of promotional materials or issuance of corrective marketing information&#894;




    
    
issuance
    of safety alerts
 press releases
 or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about a product&#894;




    
    
warning
    or untitled letters&#894;




    
    
product
    seizure or detention&#894;




    
    
refusal
    to permit the import or export of products&#894;




    
    
fines
    injunctions
 or consent decrees&#894; and




    
    
imposition
    of civil or criminal penalties.


Legislation
may be introduced in the United States at the federal
 state
 and municipal level in respect of each of the subject areas. Public
health officials and health advocates are increasingly focused on the public health consequences associated with obesity
 especially
as it affects children
 and are seeking legislative change to reduce the consumption of sweetened beverages. There also has been
an increased focus on caffeine content in beverages.

The
FDA revised regulations with respect to serving size information and nutrition labeling on food and beverage products
 including
requirements to disclose the amount of added sugars in such products. In December 2018
 the USDA promulgated regulations requiring
that
 by January 1
 2022
 the labels of certain bioengineered foods must include a disclosure that the food is bioengineered.
We may incur significant costs to alter our existing packaging materials to comply with these and other new regulations. Additionally
these new regulations may impact
 reduce
 or otherwise affect the purchase and consumption of our products by consumers.

    
    

Proposals
to limit or restrict the sale and/or advertising of energy drinks to minors or persons below a specified age
 to restrict the
venues in which energy drinks can be sold
 or to restrict the use of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (formerly food
stamps) to purchase energy drinks have been raised or enacted in certain states
 counties
 and municipalities throughout the United
States. Any such limitations or restrictions could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 or results of operations.

We
also may in the future be affected by other existing
 proposed
 and potential future regulations or regulatory actions
 any of
which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations. Changes in government regulation
 or
failure to comply with existing regulations
 could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.

Environmental
Compliance

Our
facilities in the United States are subject to federal
 state
 and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these
provisions has not had
 nor do we expect such compliance will have
 any material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures
net income
 or competitive position. We believe that we are not subject to any material costs for compliance with any environmental
laws.



Our
products are subject to risks. While we have planned for these contingencies and have purchased insurance to address potential
liabilities associated with product production
 there can be no assurance that all potential liabilities will be covered by insurance
or that the insurance coverage will be adequate.



We
believe the people who work for us are critical to our continued success. As of April 12
 2021
 we employed a total of eleven
persons
 all of whom were employed on a full-time basis. We strive to attract and retain qualified personnel; however
 due to
the size and scope of our business
 we do not have any formal human capital strategies.

Many
of our employees
 including members of our management team
 were reporting to work remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic
 which
resulted in the closure of our offices in Florida for a period of time. These employees have returned slowly to our offices
 and
we are once again fully operational. Our warehouses operated as normal.

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

We
 We commenced operations
in the beverage industry in 2015. Accordingly
 we have only a limited operating history upon which to have to base an evaluation
of our business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and we cannot assure
you that we will achieve or sustain profitability. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks encountered by companies
in the early stage of development
 particularly companies in new and rapid evolving markets. We cannot assure you that we will
successfully address any of these risks.

We
 We have had losses for several years
and had an accumulated deficit of $9
280
036 at December 31
 2020
 which included our net loss of $3
125
595 for the year ended
December 31
 2020
 as compared to an accumulated deficit of $6
154
441
 which included net loss of $1
787
669 for year ended December
31
 2019. We have implemented several initiatives intended to improve our revenues and reduce our operating costs with a goal
of profitability. If we are unsuccessful in this regard
 it will have a material adverse impact on our business
 prospects
 operating
results
 and financial condition. Our prior losses have had
 and any future losses may continue to have
 an adverse effect on
our working capital. If we fail to generate revenue and become profitable
 or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses
our stockholders could lose all or part of their investment.

Our
recurring losses and significant accumulated deficit have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going
 We have experienced recurring operating losses over the last two years and have a significant accumulated deficit.
We expect to continue to generate operating losses and consume significant cash resources for the foreseeable future. Without
additional financing
 these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
 meaning that
we may be unable to continue operations for the foreseeable future or realize assets and discharge liabilities in the ordinary
course of operations. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern
 investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding
on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding
 our business
 prospects
 financial
condition
 and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected and we may be unable to continue as a going concern.
If we are unable to continue as a going concern
 we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which
those assets are carried on our financial statements
 and it is likely that our stockholders will lose all or a part of their
investment.

We
do not have sufficient working capital to fund our planned operations
 and
 as a result
 we may need to raise additional capital
in the future
 which may not be available when needed
 We have limited capital resources.
To date
 we have financed our operations entirely through equity investments by our management and other investors
 the incurrence
of debt
 salary deferments
 and stock issuance deferments
 and we expect to continue to do so in the foreseeable future. During
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we relied on aggregate of approximately $3.3 million from incurrence of debt
 salary
deferments
 and stock issuance deferments
 to fund our operations. Taking into account the sale and issuance of a $900
000 debenture
on February 10
 2021
 and the prospective sale and issuance of an additional $600
000 debenture when the Registration Statement
on Form S-1 that we are obligated to file in respect of the shares of our Common Stock underlying the debentures is declared effective
by the SEC
 we believe our current cash resources will fund 3 months of our financial obligations and operations. Taking into
account our planned activities and sources of capital
 we believe that we will require approximately $2 million to fund our financial
obligations and operations for the next 12 months in excess of what we anticipate that we will generate from our operations. However
our estimates of our operating revenues and expenses and working capital requirements could be incorrect
 and we may use our cash
resources faster than we anticipate. Further
 some or all of our ongoing or planned investments may not be successful and could
further deplete our capital without immediate
 or any
 cash returns.

    
    

Until
we can generate sufficient revenues to finance our cash requirements from our operations
 which we may never do
 we may need to
increase our liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures
 which may include
 among others
 reducing operating expenses
restructuring our balance sheet by negotiating with creditors and vendors
 entering into strategic partnerships or alliances
or raising additional financing through the issuance of debt
 equity
 or convertible securities. Further
 even if our near-term
liquidity expectations prove correct
 we may still seek to raise capital through one or more of these financing alternatives.
However
 we may not be able to obtain capital when needed or desired
 on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Inadequate
working capital would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations and could cause us to fail to execute our
business plan
 fail to take advantage of future opportunities
 or fail to respond to competitive pressures or customer requirements.
A lack of sufficient funding may also require us to significantly modify our business model and/or reduce or cease our operations.
Furthermore
 if we continue to issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds
 our existing stockholders
may experience significant dilution
 and the new equity or debt securities may have rights
 preferences
 and privileges that are
superior to those of our existing stockholders. We may incur substantial costs in pursuing any future capital-raising transactions
including investment banking
 legal and accounting fees
 printing and distribution expenses
 and other similar costs
 which would
reduce the benefit of the capital received from the transaction.

The
COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse impact on our business
 results of operations
 and financial condition.
In December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China. In January 2020
 the WHO declared
the COVID-19 outbreak a &#147;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&#148; This worldwide outbreak has resulted in
the implementation of significant governmental measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 quarantines
 and travel bans intended
to control the spread of the virus. Companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing
travel restrictions
 and temporarily closing businesses and facilities. These restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation
measures
 have had an adverse impact on global economic conditions and are likely to have an adverse impact on consumer confidence
and spending
 which could materially adversely affect the supply of
 as well as the demand for
 our products. Uncertainties regarding
the economic impact of COVID-19 are likely to result in sustained market turmoil
 which could also negatively impact our business
financial condition
 and cash flow. For example
 to date
 COVID-19 has adversely impacted new product launches by Kona and HighDrate
Gold Leaf&#146;s distribution of new product lines
 and the commencement of new distribution contracts
 all of which adversely
affected our business
 financial condition
 and cash flow. However
 we acquired S and S during the COVID-19 pandemic and increased
our product variety due to the acquisition.

Our
co-packers source raw materials used in our products from suppliers located in the United States. The impact of COVID-19 on these
suppliers
 or any of our other suppliers
 distributors and resellers
 or transportation or logistics providers
 may negatively
affect the price and availability of our ingredients and/or packaging materials and impact our supply chain. If the disruptions
caused by COVID-19 continue for an extended period of time
 our ability to meet the demands of our consumers may be materially
impacted. To date
 we have not experienced any reduction in the available supply of our products. Additionally
 many of our employees
including members of our management team
 have been working remotely as a result of the closure of our offices and warehouses
in compliance with local and state regulations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If our operations or productivity become
or continue to be
 impacted throughout the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and government-mandated closures
 those occurrences
may negatively impact our business
 financial condition
 and cash flow. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will further
impact our business will depend on future developments and
 given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential
future spread or mitigation and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures
 we cannot reasonably estimate the
impact to our business at this time.

The
extent of the effect of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the
duration
 spread
 and intensity of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict
 considering the rapidly
evolving landscape. As a result
 it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on our business. However
if the pandemic continues for a prolonged period
 it could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
financial condition
 and cash flow and adversely impact the quoted price of our Common Stock on the OTCQB.

We
sell our products in highly competitive markets
 which results in pressure on our profit margins and limits our ability to maintain
 The beverage business is a highly competitive and risky business
 and is
subject to significant competition and pricing pressures. We compete with many national
 regional
 and local businesses
 many
of which have more resources than we do. We could experience increased competition from existing or new companies in the energy
and beverage market
 which could create increasing pressures to grow our business. Competitors could offer products with prices
that may match or are lower than the prices we offer. While we believe that the products we offer are generally competitive with
those offered by other companies
 continued pricing pressure or improvements in research and shifts in consumer preferences away
from hemp-based beverages could adversely impact our consumer base or pricing structure and could have a material and adverse
effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 and cash flow.

Our
future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to expand successfully into new markets and new distribution channels
 as
 Our business operates in markets that are characterized by rapidly changing
products
 evolving industry standards
 and potential new entrants. Our future success depends upon a number of factors
 including
our ability to expand our product offerings into new territories and locations throughout the United States
 including having
our products offered in national retail stores such as Costco
 Walmart
 and Target. We cannot provide any assurance that our products
will be offered in any such national chain. Failure to expand our distribution network to include distributors with reach into
national retail stores will have an adverse effect on our growth
 which
 in turn
 could adversely affect our business
 financial
condition
 results of operations
 and cash flow.

    
    

Changes
in consumer preferences and perceptions may lessen the demand for our products
 which would reduce sales and harm our business.
We believe we are highly dependent upon positive consumer perceptions of the safety and quality of our products
 as well
as similar products distributed by other companies. Consumer perception of CBD or hemp products in particular can be substantially
influenced by scientific research findings
 national media attention
 and other publicity about product use. Adverse publicity
from these sources regarding the safety
 quality
 or efficacy of our products could harm our reputation and results of operations.
If consumer preferences and perceptions of our products change
 the resulting demand for our products could decrease
 which could
adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.

Increases
 Our principal beverage products contain hemp
 CBD
 and ginseng.
Increases in costs of these
 or other ingredients in our products paid by our co-packers
 with respect to our Beverages Segment
or our suppliers
 with respect to our Distribution Segment
 and the costs of which are passed on to us
 could have a material
adverse effect on our profit margins
 as well as on our business
 financial condition
 and operating results. Further
 other factors
such as inflation
 increased food costs
 increased labor and employee benefit costs
 and increased energy costs may adversely
affect our operating costs and we may not be able to pass along any such increased costs to our consumers. Increases in costs
could adversely affect our profitability and operating results.

We
do not have long-term contracts with any of our co-packers or our suppliers
 and as a result they could seek to increase prices
 We do not rely on written contracts or long-term arrangements with our co-packers or
our suppliers. Although we have not experienced significant problems with our co-packers or our suppliers
 as applicable
 our
co-packers or suppliers may implement significant price increases or may not meet our requirements in a timely fashion
 if at
all. If any undesirable issues occur with our current co-packers or suppliers
 we may be forced to find other co-packers and suppliers.
We may encounter difficulties in finding substitute co-packers in a timely manner
 if at all
 given the strict licensing requirements
in the CBD industry and the limited number of co-packers that currently hold such licenses that are necessary to comply with federal
law. We may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from our current co-packers and suppliers
 which in turn
would increase our costs. In addition
 it is possible that the substitute co-packers and suppliers may not have the necessary
materials to meet our demand.

We
must monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand on a continuous basis. If we underestimate demand
 we risk
having inadequate supplies. We also face the risk of having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and
become unsalable
 and we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess or slow-moving inventory.
If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively
 our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease
which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 operating results
 and cash flow.

Any
 All of our distribution
is managed domestically. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of these facilities
 whether due to technical or labor
difficulties
 destruction or damage to the facility
 real estate issues
 or other reasons
 could result in increased costs and
reduced revenues and our profitability and prospects could be harmed.

We
may not be able to manage our co-packing capabilities effectively
 which may adversely affect our results of operations.
We must accurately forecast demand for all of our products in order to ensure that we have enough products available to meet the
needs of our consumers. Our forecasts are based on multiple assumptions that may cause our estimates to be inaccurate and affect
our ability to ensure that we have sufficient co-packing capacity to meet the demand for our products
 which could prevent us
from meeting increased consumer demand and harm our brand and our business. If we do not accurately align our co-packing capabilities
with demand
 our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

If
the ingredients used in our products are contaminated
 alleged to be contaminated
 or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects
 We
 through our co-packers
 buy ingredients from a variety of third-party
suppliers. If these materials are alleged or prove to include contaminants that affect the safety or quality of our products or
are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects
 for any reason
 we may sustain the costs of
 and possible litigation resulting
from
 a product recall and need to find alternative ingredients
 to delay production
 or to discard or otherwise dispose of products
which could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations. In addition
 even if product
liability claims against us are not successful or are not fully pursued
 these claims could be costly and time-consuming and could
require our management to spend their time defending claims
 rather than operating our business.

Our
business depends
 in part
 Due to the competitive nature of our
industry
 we must effectively and efficiently promote and market our products through advertisements to sustain and improve our
competitive position in our market. Marketing investments may be costly. In addition
 we may
 from time to time
 change our marketing
strategies and spending. We may also change our marketing strategies and spending in response to actions by our consumers
 competitors
and other companies that produce and/or distribute beverage products. The sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing are important
to our ability to retain and improve our market share and margins. If our marketing is not successful or if we fail to implement
sufficient and effective marketing or adequately respond to changes in industry marketing strategies
 our business
 financial
condition
 and results of operations may be adversely affected.

    
    

Loss
of key personnel or our inability to attract and retain new qualified personnel could hurt our business and inhibit our ability
 We have benefited substantially from the leadership and performance of our senior management
as well as other key employees. Our ability to grow our brand successfully hinges on our ability to retain our current management
and key employees
 and to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be
able to retain our personnel or attract new
 qualified personnel. In addition
 we do not maintain any &#147;key person&#148;
life insurance policies. The loss of the services of members of our senior management or key employees could prevent or delay
the implementation and completion of our strategic objectives or divert management&#146;s attention to seeking qualified replacements.
If we are unable to attract or retain key personnel
 our profitability and growth potential could be harmed.

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property adequately
 which could harm the value of our brands and branded products
 We depend in large part on our brands and branded products and believe that they are
very important to our business
 as well as on our proprietary hemp-infused processes. We rely on a combination of trademarks
trade secrets
 and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brands and branded products. The success of our business
depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded
products in domestic markets. We own three trademarks that are registered with the USPTO and have another trademark registration
pending in the United States. We may not be able to protect our trademarks adequately and our use of trademarks may result in
liability for trademark infringement
 trademark dilution
 or unfair competition. We may from time to time be required to institute
litigation to enforce our trademarks or other intellectual property rights
 or to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could
result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our sales
 profitability
 and prospects
 regardless
of whether we are able to successfully enforce our rights. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual
property rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 and financial condition.

We
may be subject to product liability claims or regulatory actions if our products are alleged to have caused significant loss or
 We may be subject to product liability claims
 regulatory action
 and litigation if our products are alleged to
have caused loss or injury or failed to include adequate instructions for use or failed to include adequate warnings concerning
possible side effects or interactions with other substances. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from consumption of
CBD products alone or in combination with medications or other substances could also occur. In addition
 the sale of any ingested
product involves a risk of injury due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Our products may also
be subject to product recalls
 including voluntary recalls or withdrawals
 if they are alleged to pose a risk of injury or illness
or if they are alleged to have been mislabeled
 misbranded
 or adulterated
 or otherwise to be in violation of governmental regulations.
A product liability claim or regulatory action against us could result in increased costs and could adversely affect our reputation
and goodwill with our consumers generally. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain and maintain product liability
insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive and may not
be available in the future on acceptable terms
 or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable
terms or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could result in us becoming subject to significant liabilities
that are uninsured and also could adversely affect our commercial arrangements with third parties.

Our
annual and quarterly financial results are subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors
 many of which are
beyond our control
 which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations.
Our operating results can vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year depending on various factors
 many of which
are beyond our control. As a result
 comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful
 and you
should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our operating results in future quarters may fall
below expectations. Each of the following factors may affect our operating results:



    
    
the
    level of product and price competition;

    
    
variations
    in the timing and volume of our sales;

    
    
our
    ability to deliver products in a timely manner in sufficient volumes;

    
    
our
    ability to recognize product trends;



    
    
our
    success in expanding our business network and managing our growth;



    
    
our
    ability to develop and market product enhancements and new products;



    
    
the
    timing of product enhancements
 activities of and acquisitions by competitors;



    
    
the
    ability to hire additional qualified employees; and



    
    
our
    ability to control costs.


Consequently
our results of operations may decline quickly and significantly in response to changes in order patterns or rapid decreases in
demand for our products. We anticipate that fluctuations in operating results will continue in the future; thus
 our historical
operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future operating results.

We
may require additional capital to finance our operations in the future
 but that capital may not be available when it is needed
We
plan to finance anticipated ongoing expenses and capital requirements with funds generated from the following sources: (i) cash
provided by operating activities; (ii) available cash and cash investments; and (iii) capital raised through debt and equity transactions.
&nbsp;Current conditions in the capital markets are such that traditional sources of capital may not be available to us when needed
or may be available only on unfavorable terms.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our ability to raise additional capital
 if needed
 will depend on conditions
in the capital markets
 economic conditions
 and a number of other factors
 many of which are outside of our control
 and on our
financial performance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional capital successfully
at all or on terms that are acceptable to us.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we cannot raise additional capital when needed
 it may have a material
adverse effect on our liquidity
 financial condition
 results of operations
 and prospects.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 if we raise capital
by issuing stock
 the holdings of our existing stockholders will be diluted.

If
we raise capital by issuing debt securities
 such debt securities would rank senior to our shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par
value per share (our &#147;Common Stock&#148;)
 upon our bankruptcy or liquidation.&nbsp; In addition
 we may raise capital
by issuing equity securities that may be senior to our Common Stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions
which may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. &nbsp;Finally
 upon bankruptcy or liquidation
 holders of our
debt securities and shares of our preferred stock and our lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution
of our available assets prior to the holders of our Common Stock. &nbsp;Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of
our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our Common Stock
 or both.

    
    

The
 We have committed
 and expect to continue to commit
 significant
resources and capital to develop and market existing product enhancements and new products.&nbsp;&nbsp;These products are relatively
untested
 and we cannot assure you that we will achieve market acceptance for these products
 or other new products that we may
offer in the future.&nbsp;&nbsp;Moreover
 these and other new products may be subject to significant competition with offerings
by new and existing competitors. In addition
 new products and enhancements may pose a variety of technical challenges and require
us to attract additional qualified employees. The failure to develop and market these new products or enhancements successfully
could seriously harm our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.

Our
 We are substantially dependent on market acceptance of our
products by consumers
 our ability to change with consumer tastes
 and to meet consumer needs with new products. If consumers
do not accept our products
 our sales and revenue will either fail to materialize or decline
 resulting in a reduction in our
operating income or possible increases in losses. Demand for CBD and hemp products is also influenced by the popularity of certain
aesthetics
 cultural and demographic trends
 marketing and advertising expenditures
 legality concerns
 and general economic conditions.
Because these factors can change rapidly
 consumer demand also can shift quickly. The success of new product introductions depends
on various factors
 including product selection and quality
 sales and marketing efforts
 and timely production. We may not always
be able to respond quickly and effectively to changes in consumer taste and demand due to the amount of time and financial resources
that may be required to bring new products to market. The inability to respond quickly to market changes could have an impact
on our expected growth potential and the growth potential of the market for CBD and hemp beverages. Even if this market develops
we may not succeed in our plan to become a category leader. Although we believe that our products in the United States are gaining
better consumer acceptance
 we cannot predict the future growth rate and size of this market.

If
we are able to expand our operations
 If we are able to expand
our operations in the United States
 as planned
 we may experience periods of rapid growth
 which will require additional resources.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any
such growth could place substantial strain on our management and our operational
 financial
 and other resources
 and we will
need to train
 motivate
 and manage current employees
 as well as attract management
 sales
 finance and accounting
 technical
and other professionals.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 we will need to expand the scope of our infrastructure and our physical resources.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any
failure to expand these areas and implement appropriate procedures and controls in an efficient manner and at a pace consistent
with our business objectives and such growth could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Any
future litigation
 or settlements resulting from legal proceedings relating to our business operations
 could have a material
adverse impact on our results of operations
 and financial condition
 From time to time
 we may be subject
to allegations
 and may be party to legal claims and regulatory proceedings
 relating to our business operations. Such allegations
claims
 and proceedings may be brought by third parties
 including our consumers
 employees
 governmental or regulatory bodies
or competitors. Defending against such claims and proceedings
 regardless of their merits or outcomes
 is costly and time consuming
and may divert management&#146;s attention and personnel resources from our normal business operations
 and the outcome of many
of these claims and proceedings cannot be predicted. If any of these claims or proceedings were to be determined adversely to
us
 a judgment
 a fine
 or a settlement involving a payment of a material sum of money were to occur
 or injunctive relief were
issued against us
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our reputation
could also be affected and such adverse litigation results or publicity may also negatively impact our business
 financial condition
and results of operations.

Premiums
for our insurance coverage may not continue to be commercially justifiable
 and our insurance coverage may have limitations and
 We have insurance to protect our assets
operations
 and employees. While we believe our insurance coverage addresses all material risks to which we are exposed and is
adequate and customary in our current state of operations
 such insurance is subject to coverage limits and exclusions and may
not be available for the risks and hazards to which we are exposed. No assurance can be given that such insurance will be adequate
to cover our liabilities or will be generally available in the future or
 if available
 that premiums will be commercially justifiable.
In addition
 insurance that is otherwise readily available
 such as general liability
 and directors&#146; and officers&#146;
insurance
 may become more difficult for us to find
 and become more expensive
 due to our CBD products. We cannot provide any
assurance that we will be able to obtain such insurance in the future
 or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are unable
to obtain such insurance
 or if we were to incur substantial liability that was not covered by insurance or was in excess of policy
limits
 we may be prevented from entering into certain business sectors
 our growth may be inhibited
 and we may be exposed to
additional risk and financial liabilities
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
and financial condition.

Risks
Related to the Regulation of Our Business and Products

We
and our co-packers and suppliers are subject to extensive governmental regulation and may be subject to enforcement if we are
 We and our co-packers and suppliers are subject to a broad range of federal
state
 and local laws and regulations that govern
 among other issues
 the testing
 development
 production
 distribution
 marketing
and post-market reporting of foods
 including those that contain CBD. These include laws administered by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;)
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&#147;FTC&#148;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(&#147;USDA&#148;)
 and other federal
 state
 and local regulatory authorities. Because we market products that are regulated
as food
 we and the companies that co-pack our products are subject to the requirements of the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic
Act (&#147;FDCA&#148;) and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. The statute and regulations govern
 among other things
the production
 composition
 ingredients
 packaging
 labeling
 and safety of beverages. The FDA requires that facilities that
produce food products comply with a range of requirements
 including hazard analysis and preventative controls regulations
 current
good manufacturing practices (&#147;cGMPs&#148;)
 and supplier verification requirements. Production facilities are subject
to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. If we cannot successfully contract with co-packers for our products
and if they cannot conform to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA and applicable state and local
laws
 they may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions
 which could materially impact our ability to
market our products
 could result in their inability to continue to co-pack for us
 or could result in a recall of our products
that have already been distributed. If the FDA or other regulatory authority determines that we or they have not complied with
the applicable regulatory requirements
 our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be materially adversely
impacted. If we do not comply with labeling requirements
 including making unlawful claims about our products
 we could be subject
to public warning letters and possible further enforcement actions (which other companies distributing CBD products have faced).

Failure
by us
 our co-packers
 or our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and regulations or to obtain and maintain necessary permits
licenses
 and registrations relating to our operations could subject us to administrative and civil penalties
 including fines
injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 warning letters
 restrictions on the production or marketing of our products
 or refusals to
permit the import or export of products
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any or all of which could result in increased
operating costs resulting in a material effect on our operating results and business.

    
    

The
FDA has stated that it interprets the FDCA to prohibit the sale of food products that contain CBD. The FDA is currently evaluating
a potential regulatory pathway for CBD products pursuant to its current authority; but
 unless and until such changes are promulgated
the FDA and other federal and state regulatory authorities could take enforcement action to prevent us from marketing beverages
with CBD
 which could adversely impact our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations or cause us to halt product
 Although hemp and CBD are no longer controlled substances subject to regulation by the U.S. Drug Enforcement
Agency (the &#147;DEA&#148;)
 the FDA has stated publicly that it is nonetheless unlawful under the FDCA to introduce food containing
CBD into interstate commerce. The FDCA prohibits the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any
food that contains an approved drug or a drug for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and made public
unless a statutory exemption applies. The FDA has publicly stated its conclusion that none of the statutory exceptions has been
met for CBD.

On
May 31
 2019
 the FDA held a public hearing to obtain scientific data and information about the safety
 production
 product quality
marketing
 labeling
 and sale of products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds (such as CBD) to provide the FDA with
information as it considers policy options related to the regulation of these products
 particularly in light of the changes to
the legal status of hemp enacted in the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (the &#147;2018 Farm Bill&#148;). The FDA has also
formed an internal working group to evaluate the potential pathways to market for CBD products
 which could include seeking statutory
changes from Congress or promulgating new regulations. If legislative action is necessary
 such legislative changes could take
years to finalize and may not include provisions that would enable us to produce
 market
 and/or sell our CBD products
 and the
FDA could similarly take years to promulgate new regulations. Additionally
 while the FDA&#146;s enforcement focus to date has
primarily been on CBD products that are associated with therapeutic claims
 the agency has recently issued warning letters to
companies that market CBD products without such claims. There is an unquantifiable risk that the FDA could take enforcement action
against us
 our co-packers
 or our suppliers
 or those marketing similar products to us
 which could limit or prevent us from
marketing our products and have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations. While
the FDA announced on March 5
 2020 that it is currently evaluating a risk-based enforcement policy for CBD to provide more clarity
to the industry and the public while the agency takes potential steps to establish a clear regulatory pathway
 it remains unclear
whether or when the FDA will ultimately issue such an enforcement policy.

Moreover
local
 state
 federal
 and international CBD
 hemp
 and cannabis laws and regulations are rapidly changing and subject to evolving
interpretations
 which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance requirements or alteration of certain
aspects of our business plan in the event that our CBD products become subject to new restrictions. In addition
 violations of
these laws
 or allegations of such violations
 could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations.
It is also possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our products. We cannot
predict the nature of any future laws
 regulations
 interpretations
 or applications
 nor can we determine what effect additional
governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures
 when and if promulgated
 could have on our activities in the
hemp and CBD industry. The constant evolution of laws and regulations may require us to incur substantial costs associated with
legal and compliance fees and ultimately require us to alter our business plan.

Our
products contain CBD derived from hemp. The 2018 Farm Bill enacted a number of changes to the legal status of hemp and hemp products
including removal from the statutory list of controlled substances. However
 implementation of the 2018 Farm Bill is ongoing
and there is still significant uncertainty regarding the legal status of hemp and hemp-based products under U.S. law.
Our products that contain CBD are subject to various state and federal laws regarding the production and sale of hemp-based products.
Historically
 the DEA had interpreted CBD to be subject to the Controlled Substances Act (the &#147;CSA&#148;) under the definition
for &#147;marijuana
&#148; a Schedule I controlled substance. However
 the 2018 Farm Bill removed &#147;hemp
&#148; from the
definition of &#147;marijuana.&#148; &#147;Hemp&#148; is defined as the plant
 Cannabis sativa L.
 and any part of that plant
including the seeds thereof and all derivatives
 extracts
 cannabinoids
 isomers
 acids
 salts
 and salts of isomers
 whether
growing or not
 with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol (&#147;THC&#148;) concentration of not more than 0.3% on a dry weight basis.
As a result of the enactment of the 2018 Farm Bill
 and since we believe that the CBD contained in our products and the hemp from
which it is derived meet the definition of &#147;hemp
&#148; we believe that our CBD products and the hemp from which they are
derived are not Schedule I controlled substances under the CSA. However
 there is a risk that we could be subject to enforcement
action
 including prosecution
 if any of our products are determined not to meet the definition of &#147;hemp&#148; and to constitute
&#147;marijuana&#148; under the CSA based on THC levels or other violations
 which would have a negative impact on our business
and operations.

In
addition
 the 2018 Farm Bill contained provisions that require the USDA
 among other things
 to promulgate a new regulatory framework
that will govern the growth and cultivation of hemp
 where hemp grown in compliance with the framework would be permitted in interstate
commerce throughout the United States. On October 31
 2019
 the USDA issued an interim final rule (&#147;IFR&#148;) establishing
the regulations necessary for domestic hemp production
 including provisions for the USDA to approve plans submitted by states
and Native American tribes for the monitoring and regulation of hemp production at the state level. While the 2018 Farm Bill requires
state and tribal plans to meet certain basic requirements as outlined in the IFR
 nothing preempts or limits state or tribal laws
that are more stringent than the 2018 Farm Bill
 and the requirements for lawful hemp production will vary from state to state.
We and our co-packers and suppliers must expend resources to monitor the evolving federal and state legal landscape for hemp production
and any violations of these laws
 or alleged violations
 could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on
our operations.

Within
the United States
 we and our co-packers and suppliers face a variety of state and local restrictions on the cultivation of hemp
and if state or local regulatory authorities take enforcement action to prevent us from selling our products
 our business
 financial
condition
 The growth and cultivation of hemp is subject
to a complex regulatory framework that is implemented and affected by multiple federal agencies
 as well as state and local authorities.
In 2014
 four years prior to enacting the 2018 Farm Bill
 Congress enacted the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the &#147;2014 Farm
Bill&#148;) to allow for the limited growth and cultivation of industrial hemp under federal law. This statute allowed institutions
of higher education and state departments of agriculture to grow and cultivate industrial hemp for agricultural or other academic
research purposes
 or for hemp to be grown under the auspices of a state agricultural pilot program
 in states where such growth
and cultivation is legal under state law. While the 2014 Farm Bill will be repealed after October 31
 2020
 and although the 2018
Farm Bill created a pathway under which hemp and its derivatives
 including CBD
 would no longer be a Schedule I controlled substance
under the CSA and would be protected from interference in interstate commerce
 the USDA only recently issued the IFR that contains
the regulatory framework that will govern the growth and cultivation of hemp
 and
 currently
 several states continue to operate
under the 2014 Farm Bill. Alongside the current federal regulatory developments
 state and local authorities have enacted their
own restrictions on the cultivation or sale of hemp or hemp-derived CBD
 including laws that ban the cultivation or possession
of hemp or any other plant of the cannabis genus and derivatives thereof
 such as CBD. Currently several states ban the cultivation
and possession of hemp or CBD
 while others have taken enforcement action against human food products that contain CBD
 and states
may enact new laws or regulations that prohibit or limit the sale of such products at any time. In the event of a change in federal
or state laws and regulations that are adverse to our CBD products
 we may be restricted or limited with respect to sale or distribution
of those products
 which could adversely impact our intended business plan with respect to such products.

    
    

The
USDA has only recently issued the IFR and started accepting state and tribal hemp production plans for review
 and it remains
to be seen which states will submit their own regulatory plans for the cultivation of hemp and which will become subject to the
USDA framework. The timing and content of state regulatory plans may impact our ability to obtain sufficient quantities of CBD
at an acceptable price and on a timely basis. If our current co-packers and suppliers were to face increased regulation or be
unable to continue to supply our business
 we may be unable to fulfill orders for our products or find a suitable replacement
co-packers and suppliers in a timely fashion or with comparable pricing. If our current co-packers or suppliers or any future
co-packers or suppliers fail to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements
 our business may suffer.

Changes
in existing laws or regulations
 including how such existing laws or regulations are enforced by federal
 state
 and local authorities
or the adoption of new laws or regulations may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 In addition to the legal framework applicable to hemp and CBD
 the production and marketing
of food products is highly regulated
 and we and our co-packers and suppliers are subject to a variety of federal and state laws
and regulations applicable to food. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business
 including the co-packing
packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 advertising
 sale
 quality
 and safety of our products. We could incur costs
 including fines
penalties
 and third-party claims
 in the event of any violations of
 or liabilities under
 such requirements
 including any competitor
or consumer challenges relating to compliance with such requirements. For example
 in connection with the marketing and advertising
of our products
 we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising
 including under the auspices of
the FTC and state consumer protection statutes.&nbsp;

The
regulatory environment in which we operate could change significantly and adversely in the future. The laws and regulations that
apply to our products and business may change in the future and we may incur (directly or indirectly through our co-packers or
suppliers) material costs to comply with current or future laws and regulations or any required product recalls. Any change in
production
 labeling
 or marketing requirements for our products may lead to an increase in costs or interruptions in our production
or raw material supply
 either or both of which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. For example
 recent
federal and state attention to the sale of CBD-containing products
 and specifically food products that contain CBD
 could result
in standards or requirements that mandate changes to our current product ingredients
 labeling
 or marketing. New or revised government
laws and regulations could significantly limit our ability to operate our business as it is currently being conducted
 result
in additional compliance costs
 and
 in the event of noncompliance
 could lead to administrative or civil remedies
 including
fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls
 or seizures and confiscations
 as well as potential criminal sanctions.

Any
such changes or actions by the FDA or other regulatory agencies could have a material adverse effect on our co-packers
 our suppliers
and our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.

Government
scrutiny
 warnings
 and public perception could increase our costs of production and increase our legal and regulatory expenses
and if we are unable to comply with the applicable requirements for marketing beverages
 we could face substantial civil and criminal
 Producing
 processing
 labeling
 packaging
 storing
 and distributing food products are activities that are
subject to extensive federal
 state
 and local regulation. In the United States
 these operations are regulated by the FDA and
various state and local public health and agricultural agencies. The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 provides direct
recall authority to the FDA for food products and includes a number of other provisions that are designed to enhance food safety
including increased inspections by the FDA of domestic food facilities. Compliance with government regulation can be costly or
may otherwise adversely affect our business. Moreover
 failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us
to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could in
turn have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.

We
operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently
 we are subject
to heightened risk of legal claims
 government investigations
 or regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented
policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations
 there can be no assurance that our employees
temporary workers
 contractors
 or agents might not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover
 a failure to maintain effective
regulatory compliance policies and procedures could lead to violations
 unintentional or otherwise
 of laws and regulations. Legal
claims
 government investigations
 or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with
applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our
product sales
 reputation
 financial condition
 and operating results. In addition
 the costs and other effects of defending potential
and pending litigation and administrative actions against us may be difficult to determine and could materially adversely affect
our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.

Because
there has been limited study on the effects of CBD
 future nonclinical and clinical research studies and analysis of such studies
by third parties
 including government agencies
 may lead to conclusions that dispute or conflict with our understandings and
beliefs regarding the benefits
 viability
 safety
 dosing
 Research in the United States
and internationally regarding the benefits
 viability
 safety
 and dosing of isolated cannabinoids (such as CBD or THC) remains
in relatively early stages. There have been few clinical trials on the benefits of CBD conducted on humans or animals
 including
studies focused on the consumption of CBD in foods.

Future
research and clinical trials may draw opposing conclusions to statements contained in current articles
 reports
 and studies regarding
CBD or could reach different or negative conclusions regarding the medical benefits
 viability
 safety
 dosing
 or other facts
and perceptions related to CBD
 which could adversely affect acceptance of CBD in foods and the demand for such products. Future
research may also cause regulatory authorities to change how they enforce regulatory restrictions applicable to hemp and CBD.
We cannot predict any negative research and clinical trial findings in the future that may have a material adverse impact on our
business
 financial condition
 and results of operation.

Negative
publicity from being in the hemp and CBD space could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 and
 Hemp and marijuana are both varieties of the plant
 Cannabis sativa L.
 except that hemp
 as defined
by federal law for exemption from Schedule I of the CSA
 has a delta-9 THC concentration of not more than 0.3% on a dry weight
basis. The same plant with a higher THC content is considered to be marijuana
 which is legal for medical and recreational use
under certain state laws
 but which is not legal under federal law. The similarities between these plants can cause confusion
and our activities with hemp may be incorrectly perceived that we are involved in federally illegal marijuana activities.

    
    

Further
despite growing support for the cannabis industry and the legalization of marijuana in certain U.S. states
 many individuals and
businesses remain opposed to the cultivation and sale of cannabis and cannabis-derived products. Any negative publicity resulting
from an incorrect perception that we operate in the marijuana space could result in a loss of current or future business. It could
also adversely affect the public&#146;s perception of us or our Common Stock and could lead to reluctance by new parties to do
business with or to invest in us. We cannot assure you that additional business partners
 including
 but not limited to
 financial
institutions and distributors and resellers
 will not attempt to end or curtail their relationships with us. Any such negative
press or impacts to our business relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 and
results of operations.

Our
 Section 280E of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;)
 prohibits the deduction of certain otherwise ordinary business expenses
from carrying on any trade or business that consists of &#147;trafficking&#148; Schedule I or II controlled substances
 as defined
by the CSA. Under existing Internal Revenue Service guidance
 the bulk of operating costs and general administrative costs of
trades or businesses that are subject to Section 280E of the Code are not permitted to be deducted. Although the 2018 Farm Bill
created a pathway under which hemp and its derivatives
 including CBD
 would no longer be a Schedule I controlled substance under
the CSA
 until the USDA implements regulations pursuant to the 2018 Farm Bill
 we believe our ability to deduct certain ordinary
business expenses requires compliance with the 2014 Farm Bill. We do not believe that Section 280E of the Code currently forbids
our deduction of otherwise ordinary business expenses because we believe that we are in compliance with the 2014 Farm Bill and/or
the products we sell are from co-packers and suppliers that are compliant with the 2014 Farm Bill. However
 until the USDA promulgates
regulations under the 2018 Farm Bill
 governmentally determined non-compliance with the 2014 Farm Bill by us
 our co-packers
or their suppliers may have a material adverse tax effect on us.

Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock

There
is currently a limited public market for our Common Stock; a trading market for our Common Stock may never develop; and our Common
 Although our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 an over-the-counter
quotation system maintained by OTCM
 under the symbol &#147;KGKG
&#148; there has been no material public market for our Common
Stock. In the over-the-counter market
 our stockholders may find it more difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market
value of their shares of our Common Stock and may find fewer buyers to purchase their stock and fewer market makers to support
its price than if our Common Stock were listed on a national securities exchange
 such as the New York Stock Exchange
 the NYSE-American
or the Nasdaq Stock Market. As a result of these and other factors
 investors may be unable to resell shares of our Common Stock
at or above the price at which they purchased them
 at or near quoted bid prices
 or at all. Further
 an inactive market may also
impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional equity in the future
 and may impair our ability to enter into strategic
partnerships or acquire companies or products by using shares of our Common Stock as currency.

We
intend to list shares of our Common Stock on a national securities exchange in the future; but
 we do not now
 and may not in
the future
 meet the initial listing standards of any national securities exchange
 which often provides a more widely-traded
and liquid market. Some
 but not all
 of the factors that may delay or prevent the listing of shares of our Common Stock on a
national securities exchange include the following: our stockholders&#146; equity may be insufficient&#894; the market value
of our outstanding Common Stock may be too low&#894; our net income from operations may be too low or not sustained for the requisite
period of time&#894; our Common Stock may not be sufficiently widely held&#894; we may not be able to secure market makers for
our Common Stock&#894; and we may fail to meet other rules and requirements mandated by the several exchanges and markets to have
our Common Stock listed. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of the national securities exchanges
 or if our
Common Stock is otherwise rejected for listing
 and remains quoted on the OTCQB or is suspended by the OTCM from the OTCQB
 the
quoted price of our Common Stock could suffer and the trading market for our Common Stock may become less liquid and our Common
Stock price may be subject to increased volatility.

Therefore
an active
 liquid
 and orderly trading market for our Common Stock may not initially develop or be sustained
 which could significantly
depress the public price of our Common Stock and/or result in significant volatility
 which could affect your ability to sell
your shares of our Common Stock. Even if an active trading market were to develop for our Common Stock
 the market price of our
Common Stock may be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. Our financial performance
 government regulatory action
tax laws
 interest rates
 and market conditions in general could have a significant impact on the future market price of our Common
Stock.

We
are not subject to the rules of a national securities exchange requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures
and
 as a result
 We are quoted on the OTCQB and are not subject to
the rules of a national securities exchange
 such as the New York Stock Exchange
 the NYSE-American
 or the Nasdaq Stock Market.
National securities exchanges generally require more rigorous measures relating to corporate governance that are designed to enhance
the integrity of corporate management. The requirements of the OTCQB afford our stockholders fewer corporate governance protections
than those of a national securities exchange. Until we comply with such greater corporate governance measures
 even though such
compliance is not required by the OTCM for quotations of shares of our Common Stock on the OTCQB
 our stockholders will have fewer
protections
 such as those related to director independence
 stockholder approval rights
 and governance measures that are designed
to provide oversight of a corporation&#146;s management by its board of directors.

Our
Common Stock is currently subject to the &#147;penny stock&#148; rules; accordingly
 it could adversely affect the market price
 The SEC has adopted Rule 3a51-1
 which defines
a &#147;penny stock&#148; as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. Because the price of our Common Stock is less than $5.00 (and we
do not meet any of the alternative exemptive criteria)
 our Common Stock is deemed to be a penny stock. For any transaction involving
a penny stock
 unless exempt
 Rule 15g-9 requires that a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny
stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser&#146;s written acknowledgment of the receipt of
a risk disclosure statement&#894; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks&#894; and (iii) a signed and
dated copy of a written suitability statement. Generally
 brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject
to the &#147;penny stock&#148; rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our Common Stock and cause
a decline in the market value of our Common Stock.

    
    

Our
stock price has been extremely volatile
 which could cause the value of an investment in our Common Stock to decline.
The market price of our Common Stock has been extremely volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations due to changes
in sentiment in the market regarding our operations or business prospects
 among other factors.&nbsp;&nbsp;The public price of
our Common Stock following the date of this annual report also could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to the risk factors
described in this annual report and others beyond our control
 including:



    
    
the
    number of shares of our Common Stock publicly owned and available for trading;

    
    
industry
    trends and the business success of our competitors;

    
    
actual
    or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results and operating results that vary from the expectations
    of our management or of securities analysts and investors;



    
    
our
    failure to meet the expectations of the investment community and changes in investment community recommendations or estimates
    of our future operating results;

    
    
announcements
    of strategic developments
 acquisitions
 dispositions
 financings
 product developments
 and other materials events by us
    or our competitors;

    
    
regulatory
    and legislative developments related to our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
general
    market conditions;

    
    
other
    domestic macroeconomic factors unrelated to our performance;

    
    
additions
    or departure of key personnel
 including any major change in our Board of Directors (our &#147;Board&#148;) or management;
    and

    
    
sales
    or expected sales of shares of our Common Stock by us
 and our officers
 directors
 and significant stockholders.


In
addition
 the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted
against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company&#146;s securities.
Such litigation
 if instituted against us
 could result in very substantial costs
 divert our management&#146;s attention and
resources and harm our business
 operating results
 and financial condition.

Because
we are a &#147;smaller reporting company
&#148; we will not be required to comply with certain disclosure requirements that
are applicable to other public companies and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller
 We are a &#147;smaller reporting company
&#148;
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. As a smaller reporting company
 we are eligible for exemptions from various reporting
requirements applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies
 including
 but not limited to:



    
    
reduced
    disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
 proxy statements
 and registration statements&#894;

    
    
not
    being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and

    
    
reduced
                                         disclosure obligations for our annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements
 and registration
        


We
will remain a smaller reporting company until the end of the fiscal year in which (1) we have a public common equity float of
more than $250 million
 or (2) we have annual revenues for the most recently completed fiscal year of more than $100 million plus
we have any public common equity float or public float of more than $700 million. We also would not be eligible for status as
smaller reporting company if we become an investment company
 an asset-backed issuer
 or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent
company that is not a smaller reporting company.

Sales
by our stockholders of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could adversely affect the market
 A substantial portion of the total outstanding shares of our Common Stock may be sold into
the market at any time.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some of these shares are owned by our executive officers and directors
 and we believe that
such holders have no current intention to sell a significant number of shares of our stock. If all of the major stockholders were
to decide to sell large amounts of stock over a short period of time
 such sales could cause the market price of our Common Stock
to drop significantly
 even if our business were doing well.

Requirements
associated with being a reporting public company will require significant company resources and management attention.
From and after December 31
 2020
 we became subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the other rules and
regulations of the SEC relating to public companies. We are working with independent legal
 accounting
 and financial advisors
to identify those areas in which changes should be made to our financial and management control systems to manage our growth and
our obligations as an SEC reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;These areas include corporate governance
 internal control
 internal audit
disclosure controls
 and procedures and financial reporting and accounting systems.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have made
 and will continue
to make
 changes in these and other areas
 including our internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 we cannot
provide assurances that these and other measures we may take will be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as an SEC
reporting company on a timely basis. Further
 while we remain an emerging growth company
 we will not be required to include an
attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm.

In
addition
 compliance with reporting and other requirements applicable to SEC reporting companies will create additional costs
for us
 will require the time and attention of management
 and will require the hiring of additional personnel and legal
 audit
and other professionals.&nbsp;&nbsp;We cannot predict or estimate the amount of the additional costs we may incur
 the timing
of such costs
 or the impact that our management&#146;s attention to these matters will have on our business and operations.

Our management constitutes some of our largest
stockholders
 which will allow them to exert significant control over our business and affairs and have actual or potential interests
 As of April 12
 2021
 members of our management team beneficially owned approximately
47.67% of our Common Stock. As a result
 management has the virtual unfettered ability to control substantially all matters submitted
to our stockholders for approval including (i) election of our Board; (ii) removal of any of our directors; (iii) amendment of our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our &ldquo;A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation&rdquo;) or our Amended and Restated Bylaws
(our &ldquo;A&amp;R Bylaws&rdquo;); and (iii) adoption of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger
takeover
 or other business combination involving us.

    
    

In
addition
 management&#146;s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting
to obtain control of us
 which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over
our stock price.

Any
investors will own a minority percentage of our Common Stock and will have minority voting rights.

Our
preferred stock may have rights senior to those of our Common Stock
 which could adversely affect holders of our Common Stock.
Our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation gives our Board the authority to issue one or more additional series of our preferred
stock without a vote or any action by our stockholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our Board also has the authority to determine the terms of
those various series of our preferred stock
 including price
 preferences
 and voting rights.&nbsp;&nbsp;The rights granted to
holders of shares of our preferred stock in the future may adversely affect the rights of holders of shares of our Common Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any
such authorized series of preferred stock may have a liquidation preference &ndash; a pre-set distribution in the event of a liquidation
of our Company &ndash; that would reduce the amount available for distribution to the holders of shares of our Common Stock or
may have dividend rights superior to those provided to the holders of shares of our Common Stock
 which could reduce the amount
of available for distribution as dividends to holders of shares of our Common Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 an authorized series
of our preferred stock may have voting rights that are superior to the voting right of the holders of shares of our Common Stock.

We
 We intend to retain our future earnings
 if any
 in
order to reinvest in the development and growth of our business and
 therefore
 do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock
for the foreseeable future.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will
depend on our financial condition
 results of operations
 capital requirements
 and such other factors as our Board deems relevant.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
investors may need to sell their shares of our Common Stock to realize a return on their investment
 and they may not be able
to sell such shares at or above the price paid for them.

We can sell additional shares of our Common
Stock without approval of our stockholders and without offering shares to existing stockholders
 which would result in dilution of existing
Our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation authorizes 2
500
000
000
shares of our Common Stock
 of which 825
726
839 are issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2021; 1
200
000 shares of our Series B Preferred
Stock
 of which 488
000 shares are issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2021; 250 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock
 of which 140
shares are issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2021; and 500
000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock
 of which 500
000 shares are
issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2021
 for an aggregate of 988
140 issued and outstanding shares of our preferred stock as of April
12
 2021
 which shares of issued and outstanding shares of our preferred stock are convertible into an aggregate of 500
488
140 shares
of our Common Stock. Although our Board intends to utilize its reasonable business judgment to fulfill its fiduciary obligations to our
then-existing stockholders in connection with any future issuance of our capital stock
 the future issuance of additional shares of our
Common Stock or preferred stock convertible into shares of our Common Stock would cause immediate
 and potentially substantial
 dilution
to our existing stockholders
 which could also have a material effect on the market value of the shares. In addition
 the exercise price
of any convertible debt securities or the conversion price of any convertible equity securities we may sell and issue in the future could
be significantly lower than the market price of our Common Stock on the respective issuance
 exercise
 or conversion date. Alternatively
we could issue equity securities at a significant discount to the market price of our Common Stock on the issuance date
 the occurrence
of any of such events could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock.

Further
shares of our Common Stock do not have preemptive rights
 which means that we can sell shares of our Common Stock to other persons
without offering the holders of shares of our Common Stock
 or the purchasers in this offering
 the right to purchase their proportionate
share of such offered shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 any additional sales of our capital stock by us could dilute an existing stockholder&#146;s
ownership interest in us.

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company
 and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors.
We are an emerging growth company
 as defined in the JOBS Act
 enacted in April 2012. For as long as we continue to be
an emerging growth company
 we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies
 including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the SOX Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this annual report and our periodic
reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for
up to five years following the year in which we complete this offering
 although circumstances could cause us to lose that status
earlier. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the
fifth anniversary of the closing of this offering
 (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
 which requires the market value of our Common Stock that is held
by non-affiliates to exceed $700 million as of the prior June 30
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than
$1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.

Under
the JOBS Act
 emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as that standards
apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to &#147;opt out&#148; of this exemption and
 therefore
 we will adopt
new or revised accounting standards at the time public companies adopt the new or revised accounting standards and
 therefore
we will adopt new or revised accounting standards at the time private companies adopt the new or revised accounting standards.

Even
after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company
 we may still qualify as a &#147;smaller reporting company
&#148; which
would allow us to continue to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements
 including not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the SOX
 and reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in this annual report and our periodic reports and proxy statements
 to the extent we are required to make
such filings. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our Common
Stock and our stock price may be more volatile.

Provisions
in our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation and A&amp;R Bylaws and Delaware law may discourage a takeover attempt even if a takeover
 Provisions contained in our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation and A&amp;R
Bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us. Provisions in our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation and
A&amp;R Bylaws impose various procedural and other requirements
 which could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect
certain corporate actions. For example
 our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our Board to determine the rights
preferences
 privileges
 and restrictions of unissued series of our preferred stock without any vote or action by our stockholders.
Thus
 our Board can authorize and issue shares of our preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could dilute the voting
power of holders of other series of our capital stock. These rights may have the effect of delaying or deterring a change of control
of us. Additionally
 our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation and/or A&amp;R Bylaws establish limitations on the removal of directors
and on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings and include advance notice requirements for nominations for election
to our Board and for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings.

    
    

Moreover
because we are incorporated in Delaware
 we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the &#147;DGCL&#148;)
 which prohibits an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; owning in excess of 15% of
our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in
which such stockholder acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock
 unless the merger or combination is approved
in a prescribed manner.

See
&#147;Description of Securities &ndash; Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation
 Our
A&amp;R Bylaws and Delaware Law.&#148; These provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay
in the future for shares of our Common Stock.

Claims
for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against
 Our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation provides that we will
indemnify our directors and officers
 in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition
 as permitted
by Section 145 of the DGCL
 our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation provides that:



    
    
We
    will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at
    our request
 to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law.&nbsp;&nbsp;Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify
    such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
    the best interests of the corporation and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had no reasonable cause to believe
    such person&#146;s conduct was unlawful.

    
    
We
    may
 in our discretion
 indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable
    law.

    
    
We
    are required to advance expenses
 as incurred
 to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding
 except
    that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is
    not entitled to indemnification.

    
    
The
    rights conferred in our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation are not exclusive
 and we are authorized to enter into indemnification
    agreements with our directors
 officers
 employees
 and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons.

    
    
We
    may not retroactively amend our A&amp;R Certificate of Incorporation or indemnification agreement
 if any
 to reduce our indemnification
    obligations to directors
 officers
 employees
 and agents.


We
previously effected a dividend distribution of common stock of Elev8 Hemp
 as our wholly-owned subsidiary
 and Branded Legacy
Inc.
 formerly known as Elev8 Brands
 Inc. and
 prior to that
 known as PLAD
 Inc. (&#147;Branded Legacy&#148;)
 which may have
 The shares of common stock of Branded Legacy that we distributed to our stockholders
were not registered under the Securities Act
 and we may not have fully complied with SEC Legal Bulletin No. 4
 which requires
a company to satisfy five conditions in connection with the spin-off. As a result
 we may have violated Section 5 of the Securities
Act in that we did not file a registration statement with the SEC and have the same declared effective by the SEC prior to distributing
the shares of Branded Legacy common stock. In addition
 it is possible that the SEC could commence an enforcement action against
us. For additional information regarding the dividend distribution

Results of Operations &ndash; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148;

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

We
currently lease approximately 4
500 square feet of corporate office and warehouse space located at 746 North Drive
 Suite A
 Melbourne
Florida 32934. The lease is for a five-year term
 and expires on May 31
 2023. The initial monthly base rent was approximately
$3
994
 plus state taxes. The monthly base rent increases annually by three percent
 beginning on June 1


 2020
 our monthly base rent became $4
114.

Through
our subsidiary
 Gold Leaf
 we also lease a 30
000 square foot warehouse and main distribution hub in Greer
 South Carolina. The
lease is for a 63-month term that commenced in May 2019. Beginning in May 2020
 our monthly rent is approximately $13
225. We
believe our office space
 warehouse space
 and distribution facility are sufficient to meet our current needs.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We
may be subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although occasional adverse
decisions or settlements may occur
 we believe that the final disposition of such matters should not have a material adverse effect
on our financial position
 results of operations
 or liquidity.

As
of the date of this Annual Report
 we were not a party to any legal proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on our
business
 financial condition
 or operating results. Further
 to our knowledge
 no other proceedings have been initiated or threatened
against us.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.

    
    

PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
May 14
 2020
 we executed a securities purchase agreement with an otherwise unaffiliated third-party investor (the &#147;May
2020 SPA&#148;). In connection therewith
 we agreed to sell and issue three secured convertible debentures (the &#147;May 2020
Debentures&#148;) and granted one warrant (the &#147;May 2020 Warrant&#148;). The date of the sale and issuance of the first
debenture
 in the initial principal amount of $250
000
 was May 14
 2020. The date of the sale and issuance of the second debenture
in the initial principal amount of $250
000
 was July 20
 2020. The date of the sale and issuance of the third debenture
 in the
initial principal amount of $500
000
 was December 31
 2020. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the May 2020
SPA
 we also granted the investor a three-year warrant for the purchase up to 20
000
000 shares of our Common Stock (the &#147;May
2020 Warrant Shares&#148;). Concurrently with the execution of the May 2020 SPA
 we also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement
with the investor for the registration of the shares underlying the debentures and the warrant. That registration statement was
declared effective on December 31
 2020. We issued the May 2020 Debentures and granted the May 2020 Warrant in reliance on the
exemption from registration pursuant to Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act (in that the issuance of the debentures
and grant of the warrant
 and the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversions or exercises of the debentures and the
warrant
 respectively
 did not involve any public offering).

We
sold and issued an additional secured convertible debenture to the third-party investor in the original principal amount of $100
000
on November 30
 2020. We did not grant any registration rights in connection with our sale and issuance of the additional debenture.
We issued the additional debenture in reliance on the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act (in that the issuance of the additional debenture
 and shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the additional
debenture
 did not involve any public offering). We repaid the debenture in cash in December 2020.

On
February 10
 2021
 we executed a securities purchase agreement with the investor (the &#147;February 2021 SPA&#148;). In connection
therewith
 we agreed to sell and issue two secured convertible debentures (the &#147;February 2021 Debentures&#148;) and granted
a three-year warrant (the &#147;February 2021 Warrant&#148;)
 exercisable for up to 50
000
000 shares of our Common Stock (the
&#147;February 2021 Warrant Shares&#148;) at an initial exercise price of $0.03 per share. We sold and issued to the third-party
investor a debenture in the original principal amount of $900
000 and granted the February 2021 Warrant promptly after entering
into the February 2021 SPA. We will issue and sell a second debenture in the original principal amount of $600
000 when the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 that we are obligated to file has been declared effective by the SEC. We issued the February 2021 Debenture
and granted the February 2021 Warrant in reliance on the exemption from registration pursuant to Rule 506 promulgated under the
Securities Act (in that the issuance of the February 2021 Debenture and the February 2021 Warrant
 and the shares of our Common
Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of the February 2021 Debenture and the February 2021 Warrant
 respectively
 did not
involve any public offering). Concurrently with the execution of the February 2021 SPA
 we also entered into a Registration Rights
Agreement with the investor for the registration of the shares underlying the debentures and the warrant.

We
used the proceeds from the debentures that we sold and issued under the May 2020 SPA
 on November 30
 2020
 and from the February
2021 SPA for general corporate purposes.

Market
Information

As
of April 12
 2021
 our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &#147;KGKG.&#148;

The
table below sets forth the high and low closing prices of our Common Stock during the periods indicated
 as reported by the OTCM.
The market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 markdown
 or commissions and may not reflect actual
transactions.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Through
April 12
 2021.


The
closing price of our Common Stock as reported on April 12
 2021
 was $0.0308 per share.



On
April 12
 2021 there were approximately 95 holders of record of our Common Stock. This does not include an indeterminate number
of persons who hold our Common Stock in brokerage accounts and otherwise in &#147;street name.&#148; As of such date
 825
726
839
shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding.

    
    



We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development
of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination
related to dividend policy will made at the discretion of our Board.

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers



ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS



 INC.


The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31
 2020 and
2019 should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and the other financial information that are
included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties
 such as our plans
 objectives
 expectations
 and intentions. Forward-looking statements
are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations
 strategies
 financial results
 or other
developments. Forward-looking statements are based upon estimates
 forecasts
 and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant
business
 economic
 and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 many of which are beyond our control and many of which
 with
respect to future business decisions
 are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us
 or on our behalf.
We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors
 including those set forth under
the &#147;Risk Factors
&#148; &#147;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
&#148; and &#147;Description of
Business&#148; sections in this Annual Report. We use words such as &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148;
&#147;project
&#148; &#147;continuing
&#148; &#147;ongoing
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148;
&#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; and similar expressions to identify forward-looking
statements. We and our representatives may from time to time make written or oral statements that are &#147;forward-looking
&#148;
including statements contained in this Annual Report and other filings with the SEC
 reports to our stockholders
 and news releases.
All statements that express expectations
 estimates
 forecasts
 or projections are forward-looking statements. In addition
 other
written or oral statements which constitute forward-looking statements may be made by us or on our behalf. Words such as &#147;expect
&#148;
&#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;seek
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148;
&#147;project
&#148; &#147;forecast
&#148; &#147;may
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; variations of such words and similar expressions
are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions
 which are difficult to predict. Therefore
 actual outcomes and results may differ materially
from what is expressed or forecasted in or suggested by such forward-looking statements.

We
undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Reports to confirm
forward-looking statements to actual results. Important factors on which such statements are based are assumptions concerning
uncertainties
 including
 but not limited to
 uncertainties associated with the following:



    
    
Inadequate
    capital and barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement our business plans;




    
    
Our
    failure to earn revenues or profits;




    
    
Volatility
    or decline of our stock price;




    
    
Potential
    fluctuation in our financial results;




    
    
Rapid
    and significant changes in markets;




    
    
Litigation
    with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties;




    
    
Impacts
    from the COVID-19 pandemic; and




    
    
Insufficient
    revenues to cover operating costs.


The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto which are included in this
Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions. Our actual
results may differ substantially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements included in this discussion as a result
of various factors.

Results
of Operations





 and
we anticipate that our business will continue to grow; however
 in the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company saw unforeseen delays
in signing more favorable agreements with larger
 reputable tier 1 and mid-size distributors and grocery chains and we were additionally
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during the fiscal year. The COVID-19 pandemic delayed our launch of a variety of new products during
most of the 2020 fiscal year &ndash; drinks and non-drink line broadening items. Our Beverages Segment has three main revenue streams:
product sales from online consumers
 product sales through resellers
 and product sales from distributors. Product sales include sales
of our energy drinks
 HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters
 and apparel such as t-shirts and hats. In early 2019
 we expanded our operations
with the creation of a distribution center
 which now functions as our Distribution Segment. Our Distribution Segment has one main revenue
stream: product sales to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 or smoke and gift shops
 which complement our current product offering. Product
sales include sales of our beverages
 as well as beverages and snacks purchased for resale from several other beverage producers.



    
    



substantial growth in our operations as we seek to expand through additional products and acquisitions that complement our current product
offerings. We expect that revenue will increase in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020
 as distribution by our current distributors
who were
 and whose clients were
 affected by COVID-19 has resumed and we expect to see fewer COVID-19 pandemic-related distribution impacts
for the balance of fiscal year 2021. Based on those expectations
 we now anticipate signing more favorable agreements with larger
 reputable
tier 1 and mid-size distributors that we had anticipated in our Beverage Segment for fiscal 2020. The following is a more detailed discussion
of our financial condition and results of operations for the period presented.

Year ended December 31
 2020 compared to Year
ended December 31
 2019 




during the year ended December 31
 2020
 we incurred a net loss of approximately $3.1 million and used cash in operations of approximately
$1.4 million
 compared to a net loss of approximately $1.8 million and use of cash in operations of approximately $1.2 million for the
year ended December 31
 2019. As of December 31
 2020
 we had a stockholders&rsquo; deficit of approximately $4.2 million.


financial condition and results of operations for the period presented
 along with prior periods.




 by
revenue source
 and the period-over-period percentage change
 for the period presented:



    
    
Year Ended&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
438
745
    
    
    
1
315
007
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
87
965
    
    
    
133
787
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
55
190
    
    
    
93
124
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
332
371
    
    
    
70
555
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
663
    
    
    
70
339
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(28
707
    
    
    
(51
159
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
910
227
    
    
    
1
631
653
    
    
    
    
    



 by
revenue source
 as a percentage of total net revenues for the periods presented:



    
    
Year Ended&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2020
 we reported
net revenues of approximately $910
200
 which is a decrease of approximately $721
500
 or approximately 44%
 compared to net revenues
of approximately $1.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. A decrease of approximately $917
200 was attributed to our Beverages
Segment
 while our Distribution Segment reported an increase in net revenue of approximately $249
300. We attribute a portion of the decrease
in sales to the discontinuation of smaller distributor agreements in an effort to sign more favorable agreements with larger
 reputable
tier 1 and mid-size distributors and grocery chains. These contracts saw unforeseen delays and were additionally impacted by the COVID-19
pandemic during the fiscal year. The COVID-19 pandemic delayed the Company&rsquo;s launch of a variety of new products during most of
the 2020 fiscal year &ndash; drinks and non-drink line broadening items. We expect that revenue will increase in fiscal year 2021 compared
to fiscal year 2020
 as distribution by our current distributors
 who were
 and whose clients were
 affected by COVID-19 has resumed and
we expect to see fewer COVID-19 pandemic-related distribution impacts for the balance of fiscal year 2021. Based on those expectations
we now anticipate signing more favorable agreements with larger
 reputable tier 1 and mid-size distributors that we had anticipated in
our Beverage Segment for fiscal 2020.




with products sold to distributors and resellers
 including product and shipping costs. Costs also include credit card fees
 fees incurred
for sales that occur on Amazon.com
 and other transaction fees related to the processing of consumer transactions. Typically
 we expect
that the cost of revenues will increase as a direct correlation to increases in sales. Thus
 our cost of revenues increases on an absolute
basis versus on a percentage of sales basis. At the same time
 when sales increase
 thereby increasing our orders with our co-packers
our cost of products decreases because of the volume discounts we receive from our co-packers.


 2020
 we reported
cost of revenues of approximately $654
200
 which is a decrease of approximately $659
900
 or approximately 50%
 compared to approximately
$1.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. This decrease is attributed to a reduction in sales primarily in our Beverages Segment
in 2020
 compared to the prior year period. In addition
 the cost of products decreased slightly because we increased our purchase quantities
based on our sales expectations from the prior fiscal year. Our increased sales expectations were before the unforeseen impacts from COVID-19.
As a result
 as of December 31
 2020
 we had significant inventory on-hand.



    
    


Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses


fees
 salaries and wages
 advertising
 rent
 travel expenses
 sponsorships
 and general office and administrative expenses related to
maintaining our facilities.


for the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to approximately $3.6 million in the year ended December 31
 2019
 a decrease of $1 million
or approximately 27%. The decrease in SG&amp;A expenses was primarily due to a decrease in bad debt expense of 99% attributed to our Beverages
Segment; a decrease in professional fees of 87% attributed to our corporate-related activities; a decrease in advertising and promotion
of 71% attributed to our Beverage Segment; a 56% decrease in sponsorship fees attributed to our Beverages Segment; and a 58% decrease
in travel expenses attributed to our Beverages Segment. This decrease was offset by a significant increase in salaries and wages of 97%
attributed to both our Beverages Segment and our Distribution Segment; a significant increase in legal and accounting fees of 2
476% attributed
to our corporate-related expenses; an increase in vehicle expense of 410% attributed to our Distribution Segment; an increase of 100%
in rent expense attributed to both our Beverages Segment and our Distribution Segment; and a 127% increase in fees to the OTCM attributed
to corporate-related expenses. &nbsp;


700 in the
year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to approximately $1.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2019
 a decrease of approximately
$1.47 million
 which was attributed to our Beverages Segment. This decrease was the result of an allowance for doubtful account that was
allocated to a $1.5 million note receivable. Professional fees were approximately $105
600 in the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared
to approximately $811
500 for the year ended December 31
 2019
 a decrease of approximately $705
900
 which was attributed to our corporate-related
activities. This decrease was the result of payments made in the prior year to a member of our Board pursuant to his agreement. Advertising
and promotional fees were approximately $36
900 in the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to approximately $125
300 for the year ended
December 31
 2019
 a decrease of approximately $88
300
 which was attributed to our Beverages Segment. This decrease was the result of
decreased sales during the COVID-19 pandemic. Travel expenses were approximately $26
200 in the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared
to approximately $61
900 for the year ended December 31
 2019
 a decrease of approximately $35
700
 which was attributed to our Beverages
Segment. This decrease was the result of a reduction in travel due to restrictions from the COVID-19 pandemic. Salaries and wages were
approximately $1.4 million in the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to approximately $688
500 for the year ended December 31
 2019
an increase of approximately $669
800
 of which approximately $616
000 was attributed to our Beverage Segment and an increase of approximately
$53
700 was attributed to our Distribution Segment. This increase was the result of hiring additional personnel
 who are essential and
integral to our success. Legal and accounting fees were approximately $558
800 in the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to approximately
$21
700 for the year ended December 31
 2019
 an increase of approximately $537
100
 which was attributed to our Common Stock becoming
quoted on the OTCQB
 rather than as historically quoted on the OTC Pink
 and the filing of our Registration Statement with the SEC. Vehicle
expenses were approximately $62
500 in the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to approximately $12
300 for the year ended December
31
 2019
 an increase of approximately $50
200
 which was attributed to our Distribution Segment
 as the result of maintenance and fuel
that were integral to our Distribution Segment as sales increased over the prior year. Rent expenses were approximately $199
300 for the
year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to approximately $101
600 for the year ended December 31
 2019
 an increase of approximately $97
700.
This increase was attributed to both our Beverages Segment and our Distribution Segment and the result of our moving to a larger warehouse
facility that was necessary due to our anticipated growth. OTCM fees attributed to corporate-related expenses were approximately $63
800
for the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to approximately $28
100 for the year ended December 31
 2019
 an increase of approximately
$35
700. This increase was the result of fees paid to the OTCM for our Common Stock becoming quoted on the OTCQB
 rather than as historically
quoted on the OTC Pink.


and incur additional corporate-related expenses associated with our Common Stock being quoted on the OTCM and our becoming a fully registered
issuer with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 SG&amp;A expenses will increase for both our Beverages Segment and Distribution
Segment.




for the year ended December 31
 2020
 an increase of approximately $1.3 million compared to the previous year ending December 31
 2019
in which we incurred a net loss of approximately $1.8 million. This net loss is primarily due to the SG&amp;A expenses related to our
Beverages Segment and corporate-related expenses that are necessary for our growth
 and other corporate-related expenses
 which include
interest expense related to the 2020 Warrant that we issued in May 2020 in connection with three Debentures and non-cash expense on our
derivative liability. The fair value of the Debentures will be re-measured each reporting period until the Debentures are either converted
or expire. In each reporting period during the term of the Debentures
 the change in the fair value will either be recognized as a non-cash
expense or non-cash income. The change in the fair value of the Debentures is not impacted by our actual operations but instead is strongly
tied to the change in the market value of our Common Stock.



    
    


Segments &ndash; Twelve Months Ended December
31
 2020 and 2019


 2020 and 2019
 we
had two reportable segments: (i) Beverages Segment and (ii) Distribution Segment. Amounts that are not allocated to either of these reportable
segments is reported in &ldquo;Corporate and Eliminations.&rdquo; We evaluate performance and allocate resources based on net revenue
cost of revenues
 and gross profit. Information regarding the operations of these reportable segments is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
718
455
    
    
    
1
635
669
    

    
    
    
332
371
    
    
    
83
051
    

    
    
    
(140
599
    
    
    
(87
067
    

    
    
    
910
227
    
    
    
1
631
653
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
492
096
    
    
    
1
333
135
    

    
    
    
249
780
    
    
    
68
012
    

    
    
    
(87
699
    
    
    
(87
067
    

    
    
    
654
177
    
    
    
1
314
080
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
226
359
    
    
    
302
534
    

    
    
    
82
591
    
    
    
15
039
    

    
    
    
(52
900
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
256
050
    
    
    
317
573
    







and have negative cash flow from operations since inception. As of December 31
 2020
 we had a stockholders&rsquo; deficit of approximately
$4.2 million and we incurred a net loss of approximately $3.1 million during the year ended December 31
 2020. We also utilized cash in
operations of approximately $1.4 million during the year ended December 31
 2020. As a result
 our continuation as a going concern is
dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing until we can generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet our obligations.
We intend to continue to seek additional debt or equity financing to continue our operations.


on a going concern basis
 which implies we may not continue to meet our obligations and continue our operations for the next fiscal year.
The continuation of our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue
operations until we begin generating positive cash flow.


or that debt or equity financing will be available to us in the amounts
 on terms
 and at times deemed acceptable to us
 if at all. The
issuance of additional equity securities by us would result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders.
Obtaining commercial loans
 assuming those loans would be available
 would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. If we
are unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us
 we may be unable to continue our business
 as planned
and as a result may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business
 the result of which would be that our stockholders
would lose some or all of their investment. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should
we be unable to continue as a going concern.




 we have financed our operations primarily
through internally generated funds
 private sales of stock
 accruals of compensation
 and the use of our lines of credit. In summary
our lines of credit are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
(per annum)
    
    

    
    
    December 31
 2020
    
    
Accrued Interest as of December 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
1
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
369
651
    
    
    
36
397
    

    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
398
470
    
    
    
32
102
    

    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
500
    
    
    
3
545
    




    
    
This line of credit was provided by Matthew Nicoletti
 an otherwise unaffiliated third party to whom we previously sold and issued certain shares of our Series B Preferred Stock (as then constituted) and Series C Preferred Stock (as then constituted)
 all of which have been converted into shares of our Common Stock and sold into the public market. Mr. Nicoletti is no longer the record or beneficial owner of any of our equity. There was no connection between our prior equity transactions with Mr. Nicoletti and our entry into this line of credit.




    
    




a related party during the nine months ended September 30
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Largest Outstanding Balance since January 1

2018
    
    
Outstanding Balance as of December 31
 2020
    

    
    
October 31
 2018
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
April 4
 2021
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
8
500
    

    
    
February 19
 2019
    
    
70
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
March 15
 2021
    
    
70
000
    
    
    
59
500
    




    
Each of the notes payable was issued by us in favor of Robert Clark
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 and Chairman of our Board.





 2016
 Robert Clark formed Elev8 Hemp
 LLC
a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;Elev8 Hemp&rdquo;)
 on behalf of Ryan Medico
 our then-Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Medico
was the sole owner of and served as President of Elev8 Hemp.


 we entered into a letter of intent with
Elev8 Hemp to acquire it
 such that it would become our wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the letter of intent
 on June 7
 2016
 we
entered into an Acquisition Agreement with Elev8 Hemp (the &ldquo;Elev8 Hemp Acquisition Agreement&rdquo;)
 whereby we agreed to acquire
100% of the ownership of Elev8 Hemp and
 in exchange
 we agreed to issue to Mr. Medico five million restricted shares of our Common Stock
which had a fair market value of $50
000. The Elev8 Hemp Acquisition Agreement provided that
 if we failed to adequately capitalize the
development of Elev8 Hemp to complete its objectives set forth in its business plan
 Mr. Medico would have the option until March 31
2018 to repurchase Elev8 Hemp from us for a purchase price of $50
000
 which could be paid in shares of our Common Stock.


 2016
 we entered into a Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Membership Interest Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Branded Legacy
 to sell 100% of the issued
and outstanding membership interests of Elev8 Hemp to Branded Legacy in consideration of Branded Legacy&rsquo;s issuance to us of 200
000
000
shares of its common stock
 par value $0.00001. In connection with this transaction
 Mr. Medico became the Chief Executive Officer and
sole director of Branded Legacy. The parties desired to enter into the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement because we did not have
adequate capital to fund the development of Elev8 Hemp&rsquo;s business
 as well as our own. Until July 2018
 Mr. Medico also continued
to serve as our Chief Financial Officer.


 2017
 our Board declared a dividend to
our stockholders of an aggregate of 53
196
608 shares of common stock of Branded Legacy. Our stockholders received one share of common
stock of Branded Legacy for every 10 shares of our Common Stock held on the record date. On the record date
 we had approximately 104
stockholders
 all of whom received this dividend. After the payment of the dividend
 we held 146
803
392 shares of common stock of Branded
Legacy.


 2018
 we entered into a Securities Exchange
and Settlement Agreement (the &ldquo;First Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with Branded Legacy. Pursuant to the First Exchange Agreement
 we
exchanged with Branded Legacy the remaining 146
803
392 shares of its common stock held by us for 2
746
723 shares of Branded Legacy&rsquo;s
Series D preferred stock. The shares of Series D preferred stock were initially convertible into 164
803
380 shares of Branded Legacy&rsquo;s
common stock.


 2019
 we entered into a second Securities
and Exchange Agreement with Branded Legacy
 whereby we exchanged the 2
746
723 shares of Branded Legacy&rsquo;s Series D preferred stock
for its 10-year Promissory Note in our favor in the original principal amount of $1
500
000 (the &ldquo;Branded Legacy Note&rdquo;). The
Branded Legacy Note is unsecured
 non-convertible
 and all principal and accrued and unpaid interest thereon is due and payable on November
27
 2029.


public accounting firm
 we determined that the Branded Legacy Note should be classified as a note receivable on our balance sheets as
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 with a full reservation due to current doubts about collectability due to the dollar amount and duration
of the term of the Branded Legacy Note
 rather than disclosing the note receivable as an &ldquo;investment&rdquo; but not recording it
on the balance sheets. Because of this re-classification
 the Banded Legacy Note is no longer an off-balance sheet arrangement.

Paycheck Protection Promissory Note and Economic
Injury Disaster Loan


 2020
 we entered into a Paycheck Protection
Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $95
161 (the &ldquo;PPP Loan&rdquo;) with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. The PPP Loan was
made under
 and is subject to
 the terms and conditions of the Paycheck Protection Program (the &ldquo;PPP&rdquo;)
 which was established
as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (the &ldquo;CARES Act&rdquo;) and is administered by the U.S. Small Business
Administration. The PPP provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses
of the qualifying business. The current term of the PPP Loan is two years
 with a maturity date of May 6
 2022 and it contains a favorable
fixed annual interest rate of 1.00%. Payments of principal and interest on the PPP Loan are deferred for the first six months of the term
of the PPP Loan
 or November 2020. Thereafter
 principal and interest are payable monthly and may be prepaid by us at any time prior to
maturity with no prepayment penalties.


 recipients can apply
for and receive forgiveness for all
 or a portion of the loan granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness will be determined
 subject to limitations
based on the use of loan proceeds for certain permissible purposes as set forth in the PPP
 including
 but not limited to
 payroll costs
mortgage interest
 rent or utility costs (collectively
 &ldquo;Qualifying Expenses&rdquo;)
 and on the maintenance of employee and compensation
levels during a certain time period following the funding of the PPP Loan. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower
terminates employees or reduces salaries during the eight-week period. We have used the proceeds of the PPP Loan for salaries and wages
building lease expense
 and utilities. However
 no assurance is provided that we will be able to obtain forgiveness of the PPP Loan in
whole or in part.


 we also received an advance in the amount
of $7
000 as part of the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program offered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. This advance was received
after we filed our application with regarding to the PPP. The advance was not included in any of the documentation related to the PPP
Loan. We are in the process of determining how this advance will be included as part of the PPP Loan forgiveness.&nbsp;




 the Company completed the 2020 Private
Placement of the 2020 Debentures and the 2020 Warrant pursuant to the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the First 2020 Debenture and
granted the 2020 Warrant promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the Second 2020 Debenture promptly after
filing the 2020 Registration Statement initially with the SEC. The Company sold and issued the Third 2020 Debenture promptly after the
SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The 2020 Debentures are due 12 months from their respective issuance dates and are
secured by all of the Company&rsquo;s assets and the assets of each of its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain Security Agreement by
and among the Selling Stockholder
 the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries
 and the Company. Initially
 the 2020 Debentures are convertible at
the lower of (i) the fixed conversion price
 which is $0.05 per share
 subject to adjustment (the &ldquo;2020 Fixed Conversion Price&rdquo;)
or (ii) 80% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (&ldquo;VWAP&rdquo;) of our Common Stock during the 15 trading days immediately
preceding the conversion date
 subject to adjustment (the &ldquo;2020 Market Conversion Price&rdquo;). The 2020 Debentures contain an
adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of its Common Stock
or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse
stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment
of the conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. The 2020 Debentures are subject to a &ldquo;conversion blocker&rdquo; such that the Selling
Stockholder cannot convert any portion of the 2020 Debentures that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates holding
more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such conversion (excluding
 for purposes of such
determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 2020 Debentures or exercise of the 2020 Warrant that had not
then been converted or exercised
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &ldquo;conversion blocker&rdquo; to 9.99%
upon at least 65 days&rsquo; prior written notice to the Company. The 2020 Debentures accrue interest at an annual rate equal to 8% and
are due and payable on their respective maturity dates (or sooner if the Selling Stockholder converts the 2020 Debentures or otherwise
accelerates the maturity date
 as provided for in the 2020 Debentures). Interest is payable either in cash or
 if certain Equity Conditions
(as defined in the 2020 Debentures) are then satisfied
 in shares of the Common Stock at the 2020 Market Conversion Price on the trading
day immediately prior to the date paid.



    
    



 it has the right to
redeem
 in part or in whole
 the outstanding principal and interest under the 2020 Debentures prior to their respective maturity dates;

 
 as of the date of the holder&rsquo;s receipt of the redemption notice
 (i) the VWAP of the Common Stock
is less than the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price
 initially $0.05 per share
 and (ii) there is no Equity Conditions failure. The Company must
pay an amount equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus outstanding and accrued interest thereon
 as well as a redemption premium
equal to 15% of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed (the &ldquo;Redemption Premium&rdquo;). The Company must provide the holder
15 business days&rsquo; advance notice of its intent to make a redemption
 setting forth the amount of principal and interest we desire
then to redeem plus the applicable Redemption Premium.


that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of the Common Stock or common stock equivalents
at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the conversion price of
the 2020 Debentures.


the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares
within 45 calendar days following the closing of the 2020 Private Placement. The Company also agreed
 among other things
 to indemnify
the Selling Stockholder from certain liabilities and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the registration
of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares held by the Selling Stockholder.


 the purchase price for the
First 2020 Debenture was $250
000
 less $15
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &ldquo;original issue discount&rdquo; of
$10
000 and $5
000 as a structuring fee. On December 23
 2020
 the Company converted $100
000 of the principal of
 and $12
274 of accrued
interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture into 8
255
438 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 see Note 11
.
At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the First 2020 Debenture is $150
000.


 the purchase price for the
Second 2020 Debenture was $250
000
 less $10
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &ldquo;original issue discount&rdquo; of
$10
000 fee. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the Second 2020 Debenture is $250
000.


 the purchase price for the
Third 2020 Debenture was $500
000
 less $20
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &ldquo;original issue discount&rdquo; of
$20
000 fee. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the Third 2020 Debenture is $500
000.




ASC 815. The Company has incurred a liability for the estimated fair value of the First 2020 Debenture. The estimated fair value of the
2020 Debentures has been calculated using the Black-Scholes fair value option-pricing model with key input variables provided by management
as of the date of issuance
 with the valuation offset against additional paid in capital
 and at each reporting date
 with changes in
fair value recorded as gains or losses on revaluation in other income (expense). The Company identified embedded features in the 2020
Debentures
 which caused the 2020 Debentures to be classified as a liability. These embedded features included the right for the holder
to request for the Company to settle the amounts owed pursuant to the 2020 Debentures to the holder by paying an amount of cash equal
to the Black-Scholes value of the remaining unexercised portion of the 2020 Debentures on the date of the consummation of a fundamental
transaction. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company treat the whole instrument as liability
and record the fair value of the instrument as a derivative as of the inception date of the instrument and to adjust the fair value of
the instrument as of each subsequent balance sheet date.


pricing model with the following average assumptions:


    
    
December 31
&nbsp;2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    




Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(Level 3)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



in fair value of the Company&rsquo;s derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2020:



Fair value
 January 1
 2020
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
148
628
    

Fair value
 June 30
 2020
    
    
148
628
    

    
    
    
(39
725
    

    
    
    
108
903
    

Fair value
 September 30
 2020
    
    
217
806
    

    
    
    
(69
051
    

    
    
    
212
397
    

Fair value
 December 31
 2020
    
    
361
152
    





up to an aggregate of 20 million shares of the Common Stock. The 2020 Warrant has a three-year term and is immediately exercisable at
an exercise price of $0.05 per share
 subject to adjustment. If the Company fails to maintain an effective registration statement with
the SEC covering the resale of the 2020 Warrant Shares
 or if an Event of Default (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing
 then
the holder may exercise the 2020 Warrant on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis. &ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo; means an event of default under
the 2020 SPA or the 2020 Debentures.


that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the exercise price if the Company issues shares of our Common Stock or common stock equivalents
at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of the 2020 Warrant. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the exercise price of
the 2020 Warrant.


blocker&rdquo; such that the Selling Stockholder cannot exercise any portion of the 2020 Warrant that would result in the Selling Stockholder
and its affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such exercise (excluding
for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2020 Warrant or conversion of the 2020 Debentures
that had not then been exercised or converted
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &ldquo;exercise blocker&rdquo;
to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&rsquo; prior written notice to the Company.


 2020
 the Company
granted the 2020 Warrant that was immediately exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares of Common Stock. The 2020 Warrant was fully expensed
as an interest expense related to the 2020 Warrant issued in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
2020 SPA
 and no liability was recorded as of December 31
 2020.




 our use of cash has been as follows:



    
    
For the Year Ended December 31

2020
    

    
    
    
(1
370
123
    

    
    
    
(51
366
    

    
    
    
1
498
435
    





consists of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items
 including depreciation
 amortization
 stock-based compensation
 interest expense
related to the Warrant issued in the Private Placement
 and the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. Cash used in
operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2020 was approximately $1.4 million and consisted of a net loss of approximately
$3.1 million
 adjustments for non-cash items
 including adjustments related to the issuance of shares of our Common Stock for a sponsorship
as well as compensation
 interest expense related to the Warrant
 and depreciation of approximately $800
400
 and approximately $955
100
provided by working capital and other activities.




31
 2020 was approximately $51
400 and was attributable to capital expenditures.




December 31
 2020 was approximately $1.4 million and was due to proceeds from lines of credit of approximately $403
000
 proceeds from
convertible debt of approximately $1.0 million
 proceeds from the PPP Loan of approximately $95
000
 and $12
000 was used to pay principal
on a note payable.




 2020
 there were no
non-cash investing and financing activities.







    
    





and financial condition are based upon our consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues
 and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis
 including those related to provisions for uncollectible accounts receivable
inventories
 valuation of intangible assets
 and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.&nbsp;


in Note 2
 
 of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31
2020. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 and have been consistently applied
in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.




 2019
 we adopted the Financial Accounting
Standards Board&rsquo;s (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Update 2016-02
 (&ldquo;ASC Topic 842&rdquo;)
which requires an entity to recognize a liability and corresponding asset for leases that meet certain criteria. We applied ASC Topic
842 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach
 we applied the new standards to all new leases
 and leases which have
remaining obligations for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. We elected the package of practical
expedients permitted under the transition guidance
 which allowed us to carryforward historical lease classification
 and not reassess
(i) whether a contract was or contained a lease
 and (ii) initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to January 1
 2019. Under
this method
 we did not restate comparative periods in our financial statements. We present right-of-use assets resulting from leases
separately from other assets as noncurrent
 and amortized accordingly. The corresponding lease liabilities are presented separately from
other liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets.


at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost
 which comprises the initial amount of the lease
liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date
 plus any initial direct costs incurred. The amortization
period for the right-of-use asset is from the lease commencement date to the earlier of the end of the lease term or the end of the useful
life of the asset.


value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date
 discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or
 if
that rate cannot be readily determined
 the incremental borrowing rate or the risk-free rate with the election of the practical expedient.
We have elected to use the risk-free rate.



 
our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2020 for additional information related to our right-of-use assets
and lease liabilities.




 which
includes our hemp energy drink
 CBD energy water
 CBD water
 and logo apparel
 to online customers or through resellers and distributors.
In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 we consider several indicators
 including significant risks
and rewards of products
 our right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. We recognize revenue from product sales to customers
distributors
 and resellers when products that do not require further services by us are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding
customer acceptance
 and when collectability is reasonably assured. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights
of return. Amounts billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods
provided and are included in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.


 and beverages purchased
for resale from several other beverage manufacturers
 to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops. In evaluating the
timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 we consider several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of
products
 our right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. We recognize revenue from product sales to resellers when products
that do not require further services by us are shipped or delivered
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and
when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by us prior to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers
under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of
products sold.


 2019
 we adopted ASU No. 2014-09

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at the amount expected to be collected. The implementation of Topic
ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial statements and no cumulative effect adjustment was recognized.


 ASC Topic 606 outlines
a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
 which includes:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 we recognize revenue when
performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
 including the
risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to us
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of products to our customers
based on the written contract terms
 which is also when control is transferred.



    
    



related implementation guidance to determine disaggregation of revenues that would be meaningful. The majority of our revenue earned from
our Beverages Segment and our Distribution Segment is recognized when we satisfy a single performance obligation by transferring control
of our products to a customer. We do not have significant financing components or payment terms
 and we do not have any material unsatisfied
performance obligations. Our revenues are obtained in similar geographical locations within the United States. Furthermore
 the operations
in each of our reporting segments are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and
the nature of our products and customers are essentially the same. The sales from our beverage product types are organized as one reportable
segment
 which we refer to as the Beverages Segment
 and the sales of our products and products that are purchased from resellers that
are distributed by Gold Leaf is organized as our second reportable segment
 which we refer to as the Distribution Segment. We have also
determined that disaggregated revenue by net sales by revenue source would be meaningful and allow investors to understand our business
activities
 historical performance
 or future prospects. Disaggregated sales by revenue source
 which includes sales to distributors
online sales
 sales through Amazon
 and Gold Leaf distribution sales. This is the same information used by our Chief Operating Decision
Maker for evaluating the financial performance of our operations and making resource decisions. We also sell merchandise and apparel that
comprises approximately 1% of our gross annual sales
 and solely exists to promote our beverages. Therefore
 our merchandise and apparel
products are not a reportable segment. Merchandise and apparel sales are included with the gross sales for our Beverages Segment.




value. We determine provisions for uncollectible accounts
 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit risk and
activity of specific distributors and resellers
 historical trends
 and other information. If we become aware of a specific distributor&rsquo;s
or reseller&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment of past
due accounts receivable outstanding. In the opinion of management
 a provision was deemed necessary for uncollectible accounts.




which approximates actual cost based on a first-in
 first-out method. Our inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable
value. Our inventory consists almost entirely of finished and unfinished goods
 and freight
 which include CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
hemp energy drinks
 cans for production
 and merchandise and apparel. We periodically evaluate and adjust inventories for obsolescence.
In the opinion of management
 no provision for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
and as of December 31
 2020
 we had approximately $660
500 of product in inventory
 which was a decrease of approximately $26
400
 compared
to approximately $686
900 at December 31
 2019. We expect the balance of inventory to increase in direct relation to the increase in sales
that we expect. See Note 2
 
 


financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2020
 for an additional description of our inventory that had a material effect on
our consolidated financial statements.




generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred
 plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interests
in the acquiree
 over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill acquired
in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized
 but tested for impairment at least
annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exists that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed. We have
selected December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test.


and definite lived assets. Trademarks are deemed to have definite useful lives of ten years
 are amortized
 and are tested annually for
impairment.&nbsp;Intangible assets are reported on the balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization. We have selected December
31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test. See Note 2

 Subsection H
 Goodwill
and Intangible Assets
 
 2020
 for an additional description
of intangible assets that had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.




 Stock Compensation (formerly
FASB Statement 123R)
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based payment transactions in which employee and non-employee
services are acquired. We measure the cost of employee and non-employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Fair value for restricted stock awards is valued using the closing price of our Common
Stock on the date of grant. For our 2020 and 2019 fiscal years
 we recognized stock-based compensation expense of approximately $1.1 million
and $1.1 million
 respectively. For the first nine months of our 2020 and 2019 fiscal years
 we recognized stock-based compensation expense
of approximately $478
600 and $1.1 million
 respectively. We had a balance in accrued stock-based compensation at December 31
 2020 and
2019 of approximately $1.4 million
 respectively. See Note 6


for the year ended December 31
 2019 for an additional description of our stock-based compensation that had a material effect on our consolidated
financial statements.





 
our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2020 for an additional description of related party transactions
that had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.




 2012
 the JOBS Act
 was enacted. The JOBS
Act provides that
 among other things
 an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can take advantage of an extended transition period for
complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of some accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As an emerging growth company
 we have irrevocably elected
to take &ldquo;opt out&rdquo; of taking advantage of the extended transition period afforded by the JOBS Act for the implementation of
new or revised accounting standards and
 as a result
 we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on
which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth public companies on a case-by-case basis.


and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company
 we are not required to
 among other things
(i) provide an auditor&rsquo;s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b)
and (ii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm
rotation or a supplement to the auditor&rsquo;s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor
discussion and analysis).


earlier to occur of (1) the last day of our fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering
 (b) in
which we have total annual gross revenues of at least $1.07 billion
 or (c) in which we are deemed to be a &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
under the rules of the SEC
 which means the market value of our common shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of
the last day of our second quarter
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the
prior three-year period.



    
    



meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus the proposed aggregate amount of gross proceeds to us as a result
of this offering is less than $700 million and our annual revenue was less than $100 million during the most recently completed fiscal
year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company after this offering if either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates
is less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than $100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the
market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease
to be an emerging growth company
 we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller
reporting companies. Specifically
 as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited
financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and
 similar to emerging growth companies
 smaller reporting companies have reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation.





Subsection S
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

2020 for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.




The following discussion and analysis of the results
of operations and financial condition for the year ended December 31
 2020 and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and related notes and the other financial information that are included elsewhere herein. This discussion includes forward-looking statements
based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties
 such as our plans
 objectives
 expectations
 and intentions. Forward-looking
statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations
 strategies
 financial results
 or
other developments. Forward-looking statements are based upon estimates
 forecasts
 and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant
business
 economic
 and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 many of which are beyond our control and many of which
 with respect
to future business decisions
 are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us
 or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation
to update forward-looking statements. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors
 including those set forth under the &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Description of Business&rdquo; sections herein. We use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;continuing
&rdquo; &ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; and similar
expressions to identify forward-looking statements. We and our representatives may from time to time make written or oral statements that
are &ldquo;forward-looking
&rdquo; including statements contained herein. All statements that express expectations
 estimates
 forecasts
or projections are forward-looking statements. In addition
 other written or oral statements which constitute forward-looking statements
may be made by us or on our behalf. Words such as &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo;
variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions
 which are difficult to predict. Therefore
 actual outcomes and
results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in or suggested by such forward-looking statements.



of the forward-looking statements to confirm forward-looking statements to actual results. Important factors on which such statements
are based are assumptions concerning uncertainties
 including
 but not limited to
 uncertainties associated with the following:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



with the financial statements and the notes thereto which are included herein. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that
involve risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions. Our actual results may differ substantially from those anticipated in any forward-looking
statements included in this discussion as a result of various factors.




    
    







Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2020 compared
to the Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2019




 now named OOH
LA Lemin. Our business was formed in 2018 and net revenues increased from $278
000 in our initial year of operations to approximately
$865
000 in fiscal year 2019
 our first full year of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in reduced net revenues for our 2020 fiscal
year. We anticipate that growth in our business will restart in 2021 as the effects of the pandemic begin to recede and by virtue of our
acquisition by Kona Gold. For fiscal year 2020
 we had net revenues of approximately $343
000
 a decrease of approximately $522
000 from
fiscal year 2019.


of the COVID-19 pandemic. The following is a more detailed discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the period
presented.



    
    





year to our 2019 fiscal year resulted primarily from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.




with the products sold to distributors and resellers and consumers
 including product and shipping costs. Typically
 we expect that the
cost of revenue will increase overall as a direct correlation to increases in sales. However
 due to the decrease in sales
 we had a correlating
decrease in the cost of revenue.


$340
000 (or 99% of net revenues)
 which was a decrease of approximately $279
000
 or 55%
 compared to our 2019 fiscal year
 in which
cost of revenue was approximately $619
000 (or 72% of net revenues). This decrease is directly related to the $522
000 decrease in net
revenues.


to rebound to 2019 levels
 if not to improve by virtue of the expected receding effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and our acquisition by
Kona Gold.

Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses


fees
 salaries and wages
 advertising
 travel expenses
 and general office and administrative expenses related to maintaining our operations.


000
to approximately $607
000 in our 2020 fiscal year
 from approximately $1.01 million in our 2019 fiscal year. The decrease in SG&amp;A
expenses was primarily due to our attempts to reduce our expenses in response to the reduction in net revenues in fiscal year 2020.





000 in
our 2020 fiscal year
 a decrease of $147
000
 as compared to a net loss of approximately $775
000 in our 2019 fiscal year. This year-over-year
decrease in net loss is primarily due to the $403
000 decrease in SG&amp;A expenses more than offsetting the $243
000 decrease in gross
profit. We expect that both gross profit and SG&amp;A expenses will increase on a going forward basis by virtue of the expected receding
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and our acquisition by Kona Gold.





have negative cash flow from operations since inception. As of December 31
 2020
 we had a stockholders&rsquo; deficit of approximately
$656
000 and we incurred a net loss of approximately $628
000 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020. We also utilized cash in
operations of approximately $584
000 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020. As a result
 our continuation as a going concern
is dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing until we can generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet our obligations.
We believe that our acquisition by Kona Gold will provide sufficient financing to continue our operations.




    
    




on a going concern basis
 which implies we may not continue to meet our obligations and continue our operations for the next fiscal year.


or that our acquisition by Kona Gold will provide sufficient financing to sustain and increase our operations in accordance with our business
plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification
of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should we be unable to continue as a going concern.




a related party during the year ended December 31
 2020:


Initial principal balance of
$200
000 and 8% interest per annum (incurred in 2018 fiscal year). At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance was $113
761.


Initial principal balance of
$612
700 and 8% interest per annum (incurred in 2019 fiscal year). At December 31
 2019
 the principal balance was $200
000.


Initial principal balance of
$300
000 and 2% interest per annum (incurred in 2020 fiscal year). At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance was $300
000.


Initial principal balance of
$200
000 and 0% interest per annum (incurred in 2020 fiscal year). At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance was $198
000.


Initial principal balance of
$25
000 and 8% interest per annum (incurred in 2020 fiscal year). On November 30
 2020
 this debt was forgiven.


notes payable are as follows:



December 31
 2021 &ndash; December 31
 2022
    
    
    
    

November 1
 2023
    
    
798
261
    

    
    
    
798
261
    



Kona Gold
 all outstanding notes payable are being repaid in accordance with the schedule set forth in the acquisition agreement.




 our use of cash has been as follows:



    
    
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
(584
438
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
548
001
    





the year ended December 31
 2020 was approximately $585
000
 which consisted of the net amounts of cash provided by or used in accounts
receivable
 inventory
 accounts payable
 interest payable
 and customer payments.



    
    





activities for the year ended December 31
 2020.




ended December 31
 2020 was approximately $548
000
 all of which was due to notes payable from related parties.




 2020
 there were no
non-cash investing and financing activities.










and financial condition are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues
 and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis
 including those related to provisions for uncollectible accounts receivable
 inventories
valuation of intangible assets
 and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions.&nbsp;


in Note 2
 
 of our financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2020
 as included
in our financial statements. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 and have
been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements.





Lemonade through resellers and distributors. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to our distributors and resellers
we consider several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 our right to payment
 and the legal title of the
products. We recognize revenue from product sales to distributors and resellers when products that do not require further services by
us are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding product acceptance
 and when collectability is reasonably assured.



 2019
 we adopted ASU No. 2014-09

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at the amount expected to be collected. The implementation of Topic
ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial statements and no cumulative effect adjustment was recognized.



    
    



 ASC Topic 606 outlines a
five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
 which includes:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 we recognize revenue when
performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
 including the
risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to us
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of products to our customers
based on the written contract terms
 which is also when control is transferred.


related implementation guidance to determine disaggregation of revenues that would be meaningful. The majority of our revenue earned from
our Beverages Segment and our Distribution Segment is recognized when we satisfy a single performance obligation by transferring control
of our products to a customer. We do not have significant financing components or payment terms
 and we do not have any material unsatisfied
performance obligations. Our revenues are obtained in similar geographical locations within the United States. Furthermore
 the operations
in each of our reporting segments are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and
the nature of our products and customers are essentially the same. The sales from our beverage product types are organized as one reportable
segment
 which we refer to as the Beverages Segment
 and the sales of our products and products that are purchased from resellers that
are distributed by Gold Leaf is organized as our second reportable segment
 which we refer to as the Distribution Segment. We have also
determined that disaggregated revenue by net sales by revenue source would be meaningful and allow investors to understand our business
activities
 historical performance
 or future prospects. Disaggregated sales by revenue source
 which includes sales to distributors
online sales
 sales through Amazon
 and Gold Leaf distribution sales. This is the same information used by our Chief Operating Decision
Maker for evaluating the financial performance of our operations and making resource decisions.



Accounts receivable are
recorded at net realizable value. We determine provisions for uncollectible accounts
 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including
the credit risk and activity of specific distributors and resellers
 historical trends
 and other information. If we become aware of a
specific distributor&rsquo;s or reseller&rsquo;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an
overall assessment of past due accounts receivable outstanding. In the opinion of management
 a provision was deemed necessary for uncollectible
accounts. Approximately $24
000 and -0- were recorded for bad debt in the accompanying statements of income years ending December 31
2020 and 2019
 respectively. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the
opinion of management
 no provision is deemed necessary for sales returns and
 but for the fiscal year 2020 allowance for bad debt
 all
accounts were deemed collectible at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts as of
December 31
2020 and 2019 is $24
280 and $0
 respectively.




value. At the end of fiscal year 2020
 our inventory consisted almost entirely of finished goods (approximately $235
000)
 an increase
of $90
000 from finished goods inventory at the end of the prior year (approximately $144
000). Ram materials inventory decreased by $81
000
between the years. The increase in finished goods inventory and the decrease in in raw materials inventory is primarily due to the effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic (decreased net revenues and related decrease in purchases of raw materials). We periodically evaluate and adjust
inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision for obsolescence is deemed necessary. As of the balance sheet
dated December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 all inventory is current.







financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2020 for an additional description of related party transactions that had a material
effect on our financial statements.







Subsection P
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

 2020 included
in our financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.


    
    




ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



Financial
    Statements of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. (formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.)
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Loss for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Deficit for the year ended December 30
 2020 and 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    


    
    

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the related statements
of operations
 stockholders&#146; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the &#147;financial statements&#148;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial
position of the Company as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#146;s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (&#147;PCAOB&#148;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or
fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Substantial
Doubt about the Company&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
19 to the financial statements
 the Company&#146;s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/S
BF Borgers CPA PC


We
have served as the Company&#146;s auditor since 2018
Lakewood
 CO
April
14
 2021

    
    



Kona
    Gold Beverage
 Inc. and Subsidiary

CONSOLIDATED
    BALANCE SHEET - December 31





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
113
168
    
    
    
36
223
    

Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $3
967 and $5
019
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
63
593
    

    
    
    
14
876
    
    
    
14
876
    

    
    
    
660
504
    
    
    
686
922
    

    
    
    
5
572
    
    
    
2
943
    

    
    
    
794
120
    
    
    
804
557
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property
 plant and equipment
 net
    
    
167
872
    
    
    
142
406
    

Right-of-use asset
 net
    
    
912
993
    
    
    
338
304
    

Intangible property
 net
    
    
69
488
    
    
    
77
663
    

Note receivable
 net of allowance $1
500
000 and $0
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
500
    
    
    
6
500
    

    
    
    
1
156
853
    
    
    
564
873
    

    
    
    
1
950
973
    
    
    
1
369
430
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
208
599
    
    
    
23
438
    

    
    
    
10
508
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
469
    
    
    
5
364
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
149
407
    
    
    
71
032
    

    
    
    
900
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
257
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
386
497
    
    
    
1
386
500
    

    
    
    
81
624
    
    
    
17
312
    

    
    
    
3
386
756
    
    
    
1
515
646
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
398
470
    
    
    
398
470
    

    
    
    
1
495
151
    
    
    
1
092
151
    

Note payable - related party
 net of current
    
    
56
000
    
    
    
68
000
    

    
    
    
95
161
    
    
    
    
    

Lease liability
 net of current
    
    
763
586
    
    
    
286
139
    

    
    
    
6
195
124
    
    
    
3
360
406
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred Stock Series A
 $.00001 par value
 0 shares authorized
 0 and 4
000
000 issued
 and &nbsp;outstanding
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred Stock Series B
 $.00001 par value
 1
200
000 shares authorized
 488
000 &nbsp;issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred Stock Series C
 $.00001 par value
 250 and 3
300
00 shares authorized
 140 and 0 &nbsp;issued
 and outstanding
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred Stock Series D
 $.00001 par value
 500
000 shares
&nbsp;authorized
 500
000 issued
 and outstanding
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common Stock
 $.00001 par value
 2
500
000
000 authorized
 786
308
041 and 763
967
603
 issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    
7
863
    
    
    
7
640
    

    
    
    
281
565
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
746
447
    
    
    
4
155
775
    

    
    
    
(9
280
036
    
    
    
(6
154
441
    

    
    
    
(4
244
151
    
    
    
(1
990
976
    

    
    
    
1
950
973
    
    
    
1
369
430
    


See
notes to financial statements

    
    



Kona
    Gold Beverage
 Inc. and Subsidiary

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF INCOME




    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

REVENUES
 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES OF $28
707 AND $51
159
 RESPECTIVELY
    
    
910
227
    
    
    
1
631
653
    

    
    
    
654
177
    
    
    
1
314
080
    

    
    
    
256
050
    
    
    
317
573
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Selling
 general and administrative expenses
    
    
2
594
725
    
    
    
2
074
448
    

    
    
    
20
099
    
    
    
1
514
160
    

    
    
    
(2
358
774
    
    
    
(3
271
035
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(55
837
    
    
    
(14
986
    

    
    
    
(60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(281
565
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(21
557
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(361
152
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
290
    
    
    
1
498
352
    

    
    
    
(3
125
595
    
    
    
(1
787
669
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
775
469
306
    
    
    
710
868
609
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


See
notes to financial statements

    
    



Kona
    Gold Beverage
 Inc. and Subsidiary

STATEMENTS
    OF STOCKHOLDERS&#146; DEFICIT




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
$.00001
    Par
$.00001
    Par
Additional
    Paid
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
in
    Capital
    
    

Balance December 31
 2018
541
965
449
5
420
5
909
000
    
3
160
748
(4
366
772
(1
200
545

    
271
000
000
2
710
(271
000
    
(2
707
    
    

    
5
100
000
    
    
    
290
049
    
290
100

    
500
000
    
    
    
59
245
    
59
250

    
262
500
    
    
    
34
387
    
34
390

    
(64
860
346
    
(650
000
    
(185
846
    
(186
502

    
10
000
000
    
    
    
799
900
    
800
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
787
669
(1
787
669

Balance December 31
 2019
763
967
603
7
640
4
988
000
    
4
155
777
(6
154
441
(1
990
976

    
10
000
000
    
    
    
475
900
    
476
000

    
85
000
    
    
    
2
577
    
2
578

    
    
    
    
    
281
565
    
281
565

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
000
000
    
(4
000
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
8
255
438
    
    
    
112
191
    
112
274

    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
125
595
(3
125
595

Balance December 31
 2020
786
308
041
7
863
988
140.00
    
5
028
012
(9
280
036
(4
244
153


See
notes to financial statements

    
    



Kona
    Gold Beverage
 Inc. and Subsidiary

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For
    the Year Ended December 31





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
125
595
    
    
    
(1
787
669
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
40
206
    
    
    
61
024
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
800
000
    

    
    
    
2
578
    
    
    
34
388
    

    
    
    
476
002
    
    
    
290
100
    

    
    
    
281
565
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
581
    
    
    
(63
543
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(14
876
    

    
    
    
26
418
    
    
    
(619
405
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
134
    

    
    
    
(2
109
    
    
    
(1
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(6
500
    

    
    
    
(580
820
    
    
    
(378
013
    

    
    
    
185
163
    
    
    
42
456
    

    
    
    
14
105
    
    
    
4
126
    

    
    
    
257
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
64
312
    
    
    
15
261
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
555
822
    
    
    
357
171
    

    
    
    
(1
370
123
    
    
    
(1
230
347
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases of property
 plant and equipment
    
    
(59
541
    
    
    
(127
687
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
59
250
    

    
    
    
8
175
    
    
    
(81
750
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
648
    

    
    
    
(51
366
    
    
    
(148
539
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(12
000
    
    
    
60
000
    

    
    
    
403
000
    
    
    
1
092
151
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
255
000
    

    
    
    
1
012
274
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
95
161
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
498
435
    
    
    
1
407
151
    

    
    
    
76
945
    
    
    
28
265
    

    
    
    
36
223
    
    
    
7
958
    

    
    
    
113
168
    
    
    
36
223
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
877
    
    
    
5
158
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
186
500
    


See
notes to financial statements

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 


NOTE
1 &ndash; ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#147;Kona Gold
&#148; the &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148;
or &#147;our&#148;)
 owns and operates a line of premier CBD lifestyle brand products. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company
has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: Kona Gold LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#147;Kona&#148;)
 HighDrate LLC
a Florida limited liability company (&#147;HighDrate&#148;)
 and Gold Leaf Distribution LLC
 a Florida limited liability company
(&#147;Gold Leaf&#148;). In February 2021
 the Company acquired all of the capital stock of S and S Beverage
 Inc. (See Note
.) The Company is primarily focused on product development in the functional beverage sector.
Kona Gold creates hemp-infused energy drinks
 which includes hemp energy drinks
 CBD energy water
 and also sells Kona Gold merchandise
and apparel
 which promotes the Company&#146;s beverages. HighDrate focuses on the development and marketing of CBD-infused energy
waters geared towards the fitness and wellness markets. Gold Leaf focuses on the distribution of premium beverages and snacks
in key markets.

The
Company currently sells its products through resellers
 the Company&#146;s websites
 and distributors that span across 27 states.
The Company&#146;s products are available in wide variety of stores
 including convenience and grocery stores
 smoke shops
 and
gift shops.

As
used herein
 the terms &#147;Kona Gold
&#148; the &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; or &#147;our
refer to Kona Gold individually or
 as the context requires
 collectively with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

The
Company&#146;s Business

The
Company has two reportable segments:&nbsp;



    
    
Beverages.
    
 (ii) CBD-infused energy water
 and (iii) CBD-infused
    high-alkaline water
 as well as apparel with the Kona Gold logo. The Beverages Segment includes all of Kona&#146;s and HighDrate&#146;s
    operations. Additional information regarding these products is below. The Company considers this a single operating segment
    for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
 the accompanying Consolidated Financial
    Statements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management.
    The Company does not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical to present such information.




    
    
Distribution.
    
    stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. In addition
    to distributing the Company&#146;s own beverage products
 the Company also distributes other products
 including alkaline
    waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused
    jellybeans
 all of which complement the Company&#146;s current product offerings. The Distribution Segment includes all of
    Gold Leaf&#146;s operations.


Beverage
Products

The
Company&#146;s hemp-infused energy drink is available in both regular and sugar-free options. These energy drinks are infused
with organic hemp protein powder and contain essential vitamins and ingredients that give consumers a natural energy boost. Hemp
protein contains no gluten and is compatible with a variety of diets
 including vegan and Kosher. Our hemp energy drinks are available
in eight flavors: classic hemp
 platinum hemp
 sugar-free hemp
 cherry vanilla
 bubble gum
 candy apple
 cotton candy
 and pink
grapefruit.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

HighDrate&#146;s
CBD-infused energy water is great tasting
 sugar-free
 and powered by the patented technology of Alkame Holdings Inc.&#146;s
wholly-owned subsidiary
 Alkame Water Inc. (&#147;Alkame&#148;)
 which uses its advanced water treatment to create a premium
oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants. Alkame believes that
 pursuant to a double-blind placebo
 peer-backed research
project that it conducted
 its Level 2 &ndash; inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such
as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities
in markets technology can boost the immune system and physical performance. HighDrate&#146;s CBD-infused energy water contains
80 mg of caffeine and 10 mg of CBD. The Company believes that CBD aids the body&#146;s endocannabinoid system in neuroprotection
stress recovery
 immune balance
 and homeostatic regulation. HighDrate&#146;s CBD-infused energy water is available in six flavors:
watermelon
 kiwi strawberry
 tropical coconut
 Georgia peach
 sour apple
 and blue island punch.

The
Company&#146;s product &#147;Storm&#148; is a high-alkaline CBD-infused water. This water is also powered by Alkame&#146;s
patented technology
 which uses its advanced water treatment to create a premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants.
Storm high-alkaline CBD water contains 20 mg of CBD.

The
Company also sells branded apparel. The Company uses only high-quality textiles and specialty inks and foils
 which provide consumers
with a premium fit and feel. The Company currently offers shirts
 tanks
 hats
 and towels for sale.

Effects
of COVID-19

In
January 2020
 the World Health Organization (the &#147;WHO&#148;) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain
of coronavirus (&#147;COVID-19&#148;) that originated in Wuhan
 China and generated significant risks to the international community
as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin. In March 2020
 the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic
based on the rapid increase in global exposure. The COVID-19 pandemic is disrupting businesses and affecting production and sales
across a range of industries
 as well as causing volatility in the financial markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on the Company&#146;s consumer demand
 sales
 and financial performance will depend on certain developments
 including
among other things
 the duration and spread of the outbreak and the impact on the Company&#146;s consumers and employees
 all
of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Management is actively monitoring this situation and potential impacts on our
financial condition
 liquidity
 and results of operations.

NOTE
2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&nbsp;



    
    
Basis
    of Presentation


The
accompanying consolidated financial statements are unaudited and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. These unaudited consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;)
in the United States.&nbsp;



    
    
Use
    of Estimates


The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements. Estimates also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
events and results could differ from those assumptions and estimates.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
Cash
    and Cash Equivalents


For
the purpose of reporting cash flows
 the Company considers all unrestricted
 highly liquid investments with an initial maturity
of three months or less to be cash equivalents.



    
    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments


The
estimated fair values for financial instruments are determined at discrete points in time based on relevant market information.
These estimates involve uncertainties and cannot be determined with precision. The carrying amounts of accounts payable
 accrued
liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term nature or effective interest rates. The accounting
guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair
value. A fair value hierarchy has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted price in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarch is as follows:

Level
1 &ndash; quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level
2 &ndash; inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets
for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
or inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or
liabilities; or

Level
3 &ndash; unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.

The
Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under Accounting Standards Codification
(&#147;ASC&#148;) 480


(&#147;ASC
815&#148;). Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the
fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between
embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the overall fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes
models.

The
Company uses Level 2 inputs for its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were
determined by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&#146;s derivative liabilities
are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results
of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.



    
    
Accounts
    Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts


Accounts
receivable are recorded at net realizable value. The Company determines provisions for uncollectible accounts
 sales returns
and claims based upon factors including the credit risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information.
If the Company becomes aware of a specific distributor&#146;s or reseller&#146;s inability to meet its financial obligations
bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment of past due accounts receivable outstanding. Bad debt attributed
to accounts receivable in the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $32
768 and $14
160
 respectively. These amounts are included
in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss. Management will review annually
to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the opinion of management
 a provision was deemed necessary
for uncollectible accounts for Kona and no provision was deemed necessary for Gold Leaf. The balance of allowance for Uncollectible
Accounts at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were $3
967 and $5
019
 respectively
 as reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
    


The
cost of inventory using the standard cost method
 which approximates actual cost based on a first-in
 first-out method. The Company&#146;s
inventories are valued at the lower cost or net realizable value. The Company&#146;s inventory consists almost entirely of finished
and unfinished goods
 and freight
 which include CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 hemp energy drinks
 cans for production
 and merchandise
and apparel. The Company periodically evaluates and adjusts inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision
for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and at December 31
 2020 and 2019
all inventory was current
 as reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.



    
    
Property
    Plant and Equipment


Property
plant and equipment are reported on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet at cost less accumulated depreciation. Assets
with a useful life greater than one year and cost greater than $100 are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense
as incurred.

Depreciation
is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the asset as follows:



    
    
Estimated
    
    useful lives 
    (in years)

Furniture
    and fixtures
    
    

Machinery
    and equipment
    
    

    
    
    

Computer
    equipment
    
5
    &ndash; 7




    
    
Goodwill
    and Intangible Assets


Goodwill
arises from business combinations and is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred
plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree
 over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities
assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite
useful life are not amortized
 but tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exist
that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed. The Company has selected December 31 as the date to perform
the annual impairment test.

Intangible
assets represent both indefinite lived and definite lived assets. Trademarks are deemed to have definite useful lives of ten years
are amortized
 and are tested annually for impairment.&nbsp;Intangible assets are reported on the balance sheet at cost less accumulated
amortization. The Company has selected December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test.

Management
determined that
 for the year ending December 31
 2019
 there were no identifiable assets or liabilities; therefore
 the implied
fair value of goodwill is zero. Based on this assessment
 goodwill was impaired by the full carrying amount of $61
000 at December
31
 2019
 see Note 4
. Management determined that there was no impairment of trademarks
for the year ending December 31
 2019
 see Note 4
 

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
    


On
January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board&#146;s (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards
Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2016-02
 (&#147;ASC Topic 842&#148;)
 which requires an entity to recognize
a liability and corresponding asset for leases that meet certain criteria. The Company applied ASC Topic 842 using the modified
retrospective approach. Under this approach
 the Company applied the new standards to all new leases
 and leases which have remaining
obligations for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company elected the package
of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance
 which allowed the Company to carryforward historical lease classification
and not reassess (i) whether a contract was or contained a lease
 and (ii) initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior
to January 1
 2019. Under this method
 the Company did not restate comparative periods in its financial statements. The Company
presents right-of-use assets resulting from leases separately from other assets as noncurrent
 and amortized accordingly. The
corresponding lease liabilities are presented separately from other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially
measured at cost
 which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before
the commencement date
 plus any initial direct costs incurred. The amortization period for the right-of-use asset is from the
lease commencement date to the earlier of the end of the lease term or the end of the useful life of the asset.

The
lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date
 discounted
using the interest rate implicit in the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined
 the incremental borrowing rate or
the risk-free rate with the election of the practical expedient. The Company has elected to use the risk-free rate.&nbsp;



    
    
Revenue
    and Provision for Sales
 Returns
 and Allowances


The
Company sells its products
 which primarily includes its hemp energy drinks
 CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 and logo apparel
to online customers or through resellers and distributors. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to
customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 the Company&#146;s
right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors
and resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding
customer acceptance
 and when collectability is reasonably assured. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited
rights of return. Amounts billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned
for the goods provided and are included in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.


 and
beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.
In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant
risks and rewards of products
 the Company&rsquo;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue
from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there
are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior
to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts
billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included
in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

On
January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09
 (&#147;ASC Topic
606&#148;). The underlying principle of ASC Topic 606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to
a customer at the amount expected to be collected. The implementation of Topic ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial
statements and no cumulative effect adjustment was recognized.

To
apply these principles
 ASC Topic 606 outlines a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering
the terms of contract(s)
 which includes:



    
    
Identifying
    the contract(s) or agreement(s) with a customer;




    
    
Identifying
    the separate performance obligations in the contract or agreement;




    
    
Determining
    the transaction price;




    
    
Allocating
    the transaction price to the separate performance obligations in the contract or agreement; and




    
    
Recognizing
    revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied.


Pursuant
to ASC Topic 606
 the Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which
occurs typically upon the transfer of control
 including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance
is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of products to its customers based on the written contract terms
 which is also when
control is transferred.

The
Company evaluated the guidance in ASC 606-10-50-5 and the related implementation guidance to determine disaggregation of revenues
that would be meaningful. The majority of the Company&#146;s revenue earned from its Beverages Segment and its Distribution Segment
is recognized when it satisfies a single performance obligation by transferring control of its products to a customer. The Company
does not have significant financing component or payment terms
 and it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations.
The Company&#146;s revenues are obtained in similar geographical locations within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&#146;s
operations in each of its reporting segments are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers are essentially the same. The sales from the Company&#146;s beverage
product types are organized as one reportable segment
 which the Company refers to as the Beverages Segment
 and the sales of
the Company&#146;s products and products that are purchased from resellers that are distributed by Gold Leaf is organized as
its second reportable segment
 which the Company refers to as the Distribution Segment. The Company has also determined that disaggregated
revenue by net sales by revenue source would be meaningful and allow investors to understand its business activities
 historical
performance
 or future prospects. Disaggregated sales by revenue source
 which includes sales to distributors
 online sales
 sales
through Amazon
 and Gold Leaf distribution sales
 is included in Note 16
 
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
We also sell merchandise and apparel that comprises approximately 1% of the Company&#146;s gross annual sales
 and solely exists
to promote its beverages. Therefore
 the Company&#146;s merchandise and apparel products are not a reportable segment. Merchandise
and apparel sales are included with the gross sales for its Beverages Segment.

Sales
are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. The Company records an allowance and return for each
quarter for 3% of total sales. The Company recorded sales return
 and allowance at the year ending December 31
 2020 and 2019
of approximately $28
707 and $51
159
 respectively
 which is included in the revenues
 net of sales returns and allowances in
the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
Cost
    of Revenues


Cost
of revenues consist primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of products. These include expenses related
to direct procurement costs and shipping and handling costs. The Company bills shipping and handling fees charged to customers
as part of sales and the associated expense as part of cost of revenues. The costs are charged to cost of revenues in the same
period that the associated revenue is earned.



    
    
Impairment
    of Long-Lived Assets


The
Company evaluates its long-lived assets for financial impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets used in operations
by measuring the carrying amount of the assets against their estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If such evaluations indicated
that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such
assets
 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an impairment review as of December 31
 2020 and determined
long-lived assets were not impaired.&nbsp;



    
    
Income
    Taxes


The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740

 
requirements for uncertainty in tax positions. It requires a two-step approach to evaluate tax positions and determine if they
should be recognized in the financial statements. The two-step approach involves recognizing tax positions that are &#147;more
likely than not&#148; to occur and then measuring those positions to determine if they are recognizable in the financial statements.
Management regularly reviews and analyzes all tax and has determined that no uncertain tax positions requiring recognition have
occurred.

The
Company has no recorded liabilities for uncertain tax positions as of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated December
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



    
    
Stock-Based
    Compensation


FASB&#146;s
ASC Topic 718
 (formerly
 FASB Statement 123R) (&#147;ASC Topic 718&#148;)
 prescribes accounting
and reporting standards for all stock-based payment transactions in which employee and non-employee services are acquired. The
Company measures the cost of employee and non-employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based
on the grant-date fair value of the award. Fair value for restricted stock awards is valued using the closing price of the Company&#146;s
common stock
 par value $0.00001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;)
 on the date of grant.

The
Company estimates the fair value of each restricted stock award as of the date of grant using the closing price as reported by
the OTC Markets Group Inc. (the &#147;OTCM&#148;) on the date of grant. The fair value determined represents the cost for the
award and is recognized over the vesting period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award.
The Company accounts for forfeitures of restricted stock as they occur.&nbsp;



    
    
Advertising
    Costs


The
Company expenses costs of advertising and promotions as incurred. The Company includes in advertising costs inventory given away
as promotional merchandise or free samples to create sales. Advertising and promotion costs for the years ended December 31
 2020
and 2019
 were approximately $32
700 and $125
000
 respectively
 which amounts were included in selling
 general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
Concentration
    of Credit Risk


The
Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation up to $250
000. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the credit
worthiness of the financial institutions and had determined the credit exposure to be negligible.&nbsp;



    
    
Basic
    and Diluted Earnings per Share


In
accordance with FASB&#146;s ASC 260
 
 basic income (loss) per common share is calculated using the
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the periods reported. Diluted earnings per share include the weighted average
effect of all dilutive securities outstanding during the periods presented.

Diluted
per-share loss is the same as basic per-share loss when there is a loss from continuing operations.&nbsp;



    
    
    


ASC
280-10
 (&#147;ASC 280-10&#148;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating
segments in annual financial statements and requires selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial
reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes standards for related disclosures about products and services and
geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information
is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate
resources and assess performance. The Company identified two operating segments that report revenue
 including both sales to external
customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all the
Company&#146;s operating segments. Furthermore
 each of the operating segments have assets that are 10% or more of the combined
assets of all operating segments.

The
Company then applied the management approach to the identification of its two reportable segments &ndash; the Beverages Segment
consisting of the operations of Kona and HighDrate
 and the Distribution Segment
 consisting of the operations of Gold Leaf. Specifically
the Company has evaluated guidance in ASC 280-10 and determined that aggregation is consistent with the objectives of ASC 280-10
in that aggregation into two reportable segments allows users of our financial statements to view the Company&#146;s business
through the eyes of management based upon the way management reviews performance and makes decisions. Additional factors that
were considered included: whether or not an operating segment has similar economic characteristics
 the nature of the products/services
under each operating segment
 the nature of the production/go-to-market process
 the type and geographic location of our customers
and the distribution of our products/services. The Company further determined that its logo merchandise and apparel
 which revenue
comprises approximately 1% of the Company&#146;s gross annual sales
 and solely exists for promotion purposes
 could be aggregated
with the operations in the Beverages Segment. A description of the Company&#146;s products is contained in Note 1

and Description of Business. 
 please see
Note 17
 

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
Registration
    Rights Agreement


In
May 2020
 the Company completed a private placement transaction (the &#147;2020 Private Placement&#148;) of three secured convertible
debentures (the &#147;2020 Debentures&#148;)
 convertible for up to 105
947
397 shares (the &#147;2020 Conversion Shares&#148;)
of Common Stock and a Warrant to purchase Common Stock (the &#147;2020 Warrant&#148;)
 exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares
of Common Stock (the &#147;2020 Warrant Shares&#148;)
 pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between an otherwise
unaffiliated third-party investor (the &#147;Selling Stockholder&#148;) and the Company
 dated as of May 14
 2020 (the &#147;2020
SPA&#148;). The Company sold and issued the initial 2020 Debenture (the &#147;First 2020 Debenture&#148;) and granted the Warrant
promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the second 2020 Debenture (the &#147;Second 2020 Debenture&#148;)
promptly after filing the registration statement on Form S-1 (the &#147;2020 Registration Statement&#148;) with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;). The Company sold and issued the third 2020 Debenture (the &#147;Third 2020 Debenture&#148;)
promptly after the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The Company agreed to register the 2020 Conversion Shares
and 2020 Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement between the Selling Stockholder and Company
dated as of May 14
 2020 (the &#147;2020 Registration Rights Agreement&#148;).

Pursuant
to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering
for resale the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing of the Private Placement.
Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as
practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
 trading day following the date on
which the Company is notified that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and
Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company agreed to file the 2020 Registration Statement with
the SEC registering for resale the 2020 Conversion Shares and the 2020 Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing
of the 2020 Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have the 2020 Registration Statement declared
effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
 trading
day following the date on which the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer
subject to further review and comments. Pursuant to the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company is subject to partial
liquidated damages equal to 2.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA for any of the 2020
Debentures then held by the holder for failure to file the 2020 Registration Statement timely
 failure to file with the SEC a
request for acceleration in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Securities
Act&#148;)
 within five trading days after the date the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not be
reviewed or is not subject to further review
 the 2020 Registration Statement is not declared effective by the effectiveness deadline
if after effectiveness
 the 2020 Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as required or
if the holders are not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell for more than 30 consecutive calendar days or more
than an aggregate of 40 calendar days during any 12-month period
 or if after the six-month anniversary of the 2020 Registration
Rights Agreement
 the Company does not have available adequate current public information as set forth in Rule 144(c). The parties
agreed that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to a holder of the 2020 Debentures under the 2020 Registration Rights
Agreement is 24% of the aggregate purchase price paid by such holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA. The Selling Stockholder has agreed
to waive this 30-consecutive-calendar-day provision for so long as the Company is utilizing its best efforts to file its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 and promptly thereafter files a Post-Effective Amendment to the
2020 Registration Statement.

The
Company accounts for registration rights agreements in accordance with ASC subtopic 825-20


 the Company is required to disclose the nature and terms of the arrangement
the maximum potential amount and to assess each reporting period the probable liability under these arrangements and
 if exists
to record or adjust the liability to current period operations. ASC 825-20 specifies that the contingent obligation to make future
payments or otherwise transfer consideration under a registration payment arrangement
 whether issued as a separate agreement
or included as a provision of a financial instrument
 should be separately recognized and accounted for as a contingency in accordance
with ASC 450-20
. The Company recorded no amount for this contingency in other expenses for the year
ended December 31
 2020. As a result
 there was no contingency recorded as a liability as a component of accrued expenses as of
December 31
 2020.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
Recently
    Issued Accounting Pronouncements


The
Company has evaluated all recently issued accounting pronouncements
 issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting
bodies as of the period ending December 31
 2020. The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial
position
 result of operations
 or cash flows from these pronouncements.

NOTE
2 &ndash; INVENTORY

Inventory
consisted of the following:



    
December
                                         31

                                         
December
                                         31


CBD Energy
    Water
159
813
107
719

    
343
119
393
021

    
28
692
41
760

    
11
948
26
304

    
38
705
86
459

    
33
225
    

    
43
362
31
659

    
1
640
    

Total
    Inventory
660
504
686
922


NOTE
3 &ndash; PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property
plant and equipment consisted of the following:



    
December
    31

December
    31


Furniture
    and Fixtures
57
879
52
450

    
16
638
14
225

    
79
951
50
187

    
68
135
46
200

Less:
    Accumulated Depreciation
(54
731
(20
656

Property
    plant and equipment
 net
167
872
142
406


Depreciation
for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 was approximately $34
075 and $56
937 respectively
 and is included in selling
general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.

NOTE
4 &ndash; GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

In
April 2019
 Gold Leaf acquired 21
000
000 shares
 representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
 $0.01
par value per share
 of BigSupersearch.com
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&#147;BigSupersearch&#148;)
 and 14
000
000 shares
of its Series A preferred stock
 for $61
000
 which amount included the purchase price
 attorney fees
 and transfer fees. At the
time of the acquisition
 BigSupersearch was considered a &#147;shell company&#148; because it had no operations and no assets.
Because no transfer of assets or liabilities occurred
 the entire $61
000
 representing the consideration paid for all of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of BigSupersearch
 was recorded as goodwill. Gold Leaf has not commenced operations or done
anything with BigSupersearch and it still remains a shell company.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Goodwill
may not be amortized. Instead
 it is tested at least annually for impairment. Impairment is the condition that exists when the
carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. The fair value of goodwill can be measured only as a residual and
cannot be measured directly. The Company uses a methodology to determine an amount that achieves a reasonable estimate of the
value of goodwill for purposes of measuring an impairment loss. That estimate is referred to as the implied fair value of goodwill.

At
December 31
 2019
 BigSupersearch had a positive equity and the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine
if it was more likely than not that the fair value of BigSupersearch exceeded its carrying value
 including goodwill. In accordance
with the Qualitative Assessment outlined in ASC 350-20-35
 

of the goodwill impairment test.

The
Quantitative Assessment is a two-step process as outlined in ASC 350-20-35 and is used to identify both the existence of impairment
and the amount of impairment. The first step is to determine the fair value. If the carrying amount is greater than zero and its
fair value exceeds its carrying amount
 then there is no impairment and the second step is not necessary. If the carrying amount
of BigSupersearch exceeds the fair value
 then goodwill will be measured for impairment in the second step. The amount of impairment
loss recorded is the difference in the excess of the carrying amount over its fair value.

Management
determined that for the year ending December 31
 2019
 BigSupersearch had no identifiable assets or liabilities; therefore
 the
implied fair value of goodwill is zero. Based on this assessment
 goodwill was impaired by the full carrying amount of $61
000.
At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 the Company had $0 in goodwill.

Changes
in goodwill are as follows:&nbsp;



    
    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beginning
    of year
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquired
    goodwill
    
    
    
    
    
    
61
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(61
000
    

Total
    goodwill
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Intangible
asset consisted of the following:&nbsp;



    
    
December
                                         31

                                         2020
    
    
December
                                         31

                                         2019
    

Trademark
    (HighDrate)
    
    
81
750
    
    
    
81
750
    

Less:
    Accumulated Amortization
    
    
(12
262
    
    
    
(4
087
    

Total
Intangible Asset
    
    
69
488
    
    
    
77
663
    


Estimated
future amortization expense related to the intangible asset is as follows:&nbsp;



Fiscal
    year ending:

December
    31
 2021
8
175

December 31
 2022
8
175

December 31
 2023
8
175

December 31
 2024
8
175

December 31
 2025
8
175

    
28
613

    
69
488


    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
5 &ndash; NOTE RECEIVABLE

On
May 26
 2016
 Robert Clark
 formed Elev8 Hemp
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#147;Elev8 Hemp&#148;)
 on behalf
of Ryan Medico
 the Company&#146;s then-Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Medico was the sole owner of and served as President of
Elev8 Hemp.

In
June 2016
 the Company entered into a letter of intent with Elev8 Hemp to acquire it
 such that it would become the Company&#146;s
wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the letter of intent
 on June 7
 2016
 the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement
with Elev8 Hemp (the &#147;Elev8 Hemp Acquisition Agreement&#148;)
 whereby the Company agreed to acquire 100% of the ownership
of Elev8 Hemp and
 in exchange
 the Company agreed to issue to Mr. Medico five million restricted shares of the Common Stock
which had a fair market value of $50
000. The Elev8 Hemp Acquisition Agreement provided that if the Company failed to adequately
capitalize the development of Elev8 Hemp to complete its objectives set forth in its business plan
 then Mr. Medico would have
the option until March 31
 2018 to purchase Elev8 Hemp from the Company for a purchase price of $50
000
 which could be paid in
shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock.

On
October 10
 2016
 the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Membership Interest Purchase Agreement&#148;)
with Elev8 Hemp
 as the Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 and Branded Legacy
 Inc.
 formerly known as Elev8 Brands
 Inc.
and
 prior to that
 known as PLAD
 Inc. (&#147;Branded Legacy&#148;)
 to sell 100% of the then-issued and outstanding membership
interests of Elev8 Hemp to Branded Legacy in consideration of its issuance to the Company of 200
000
000 shares of its common
stock
 par value $0.00001. In connection with this transaction
 Mr. Medico became the Chief Executive Officer and the sole director
of Branded Legacy. The parties desired to enter into the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement because the Company did not have
adequate capital to fund the development of Elev8 Hemp&#146;s business
 as well as its own. Until July 2018
 Mr. Medico also
continued to serve as the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer.

On
April 14
 2017
 the Company&#146;s Board of Directors (the &#147;Board&#148;) declared a dividend to its stockholders of an
aggregate of 53
196
608 shares of common stock of Branded Legacy. The Company&#146;s stockholders received one share of common
stock of Branded Legacy for every 10 shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock held on the record date. On the record date
 we
had approximately 104 stockholders
 all of whom received this dividend. After the payment of the dividend
 the Company held 146
803
392
shares of common stock of Branded Legacy.

On
March 6
 2018
 the Company entered into a Securities Exchange and Settlement Agreement (the &#147;First Exchange Agreement&#148;)
with Branded Legacy. Pursuant to the First Exchange Agreement
 the Company exchanged with Branded Legacy the remaining 146
803
392
shares of common stock held by the Company for 2
746
723 shares of Branded Legacy&#146;s Series D preferred stock. The shares
of Series D preferred stock were initially convertible into 164
803
380 shares of common stock of Branded Legacy. At December
31
 2018
 the balance of the investment in Branded Legacy was $1
648.

On
November 26
 2019
 we entered into a second Securities and Exchange Agreement with Branded Legacy
 whereby we exchanged the remaining
investment of 2
746
723 shares of Branded Legacy&#146;s Series D preferred stock for its 10-year
 unsecured
 non-convertible
promissory note in our favor in the original principal amount of $1
500
000 (the &#147;Branded Legacy Note&#148;). All principal
and accrued and unpaid interest on the Branded Legacy Note is payable
 in full
 on November 27
 2029. As of the dates of the foregoing
transactions
 the Company and Branded Legacy were not considered related parties based upon the guidance set forth in ASC Topic
850
 

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Management
could not ascertain with certainty of the collectability of the Branded Legacy Note due to the dollar amount and duration of the
term; therefore
 an allowance for $1
500
000 had been assessed and expensed
 which was included in the Consolidated Statements
of Loss for the year ended December 31
 2019. The Branded Legacy Note and the investment in Branded Legacy consisted of the following:&nbsp;



    
December
    31
 
2020
December
    31
 
2019

Investment in Branded
    Legacy
    
    

    
1
500
000
1
500
000

Less: Allowance for
    doubtful account
(1
500
000
(1
500
000

Note
    receivable
 net
    
    


NOTE
6 &ndash; STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

The
Company&#146;s directors
 officers
 key employees
 and non-employees were granted stock-based compensation consisting of restricted
stock awards. Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date
 based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized
as an expense at the date of issuance. The Company estimates the fair value of each restricted stock award as of the date of grant
using closing price as reported by the OTCM on the date of grant. The Board has not adopted any employee stock purchase plans
or other incentive plans
 nor does the Company grant stock options to its directors
 officers
 and employees.

The
share-based payments granted for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 were 10
085
140 and 15
862
000 shares of the Common
Stock
 respectively. The current stock-based Common Stock cancelled or forfeited for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
was 0 and 64
860
346 shares of the Common Stock
 respectively.

For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense
 which is included in selling
general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss
 as follows:&nbsp;



    
Years
December
                                         31


    
    
    

Employee
    stock awards
476
002
290
100

Non-employee stock
    awards
2
578
834
388

Total
    stock-based compensation expense
478
580
1
124
488


The
Company expenses stock-based compensation cost in the current period at the grant date. No future years of compensation is expected
for the next five fiscal years. &nbsp;The Company has a balance in accrued stock-based compensation at December 31
 2020 and 2019
of $1
386
497 and $1
386
500
 respectively.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
7 &ndash; LINE OF CREDIT

On
May 5
 2018
 Kona entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Matthew Nicoletti as the lender
 which established a revolving
line of credit in the amount of up to $400
000. The line of credit matures on May 5
 2022 and is reflected as non-current on the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Advances under the line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum.
Payments of principal and accrued interest are payable on the maturity date. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the line of credit
had an outstanding principal balance of $398
470
 respectively
 and accrued interest of $32
102 and $17
037
 respectively.

NOTE
8 &ndash; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&nbsp;



    
    
Long-term
    debt consists of two note payable with a related party:




    
    
On
    October 31
 2018
 Kona issued a Standard Promissory Note in favor of Robert Clark
 as lender
 in the original principal amount
    of $20
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Clark is the Company&#146;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 and Chairman of the
    Board. The note bears no interest. Principal payments of $500 per month commenced in February 2019
 with the final payment
    due in April 2021. The outstanding principal balance of this note at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $8
500 and $14
500
 respectively.




    
    
On
    February 19
 2019
 Gold Leaf issued a Standard Promissory Note in Favor of Robert Clark
 as lender
 in the original principal
    amount of $70
000. The note bears no interest.&nbsp;&nbsp;Principal payments of $500 per month commenced in March 2019
 with
    final payment due in March 2021. The outstanding principal balance of this note at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $59
500
    and $65
500
 respectively.


The
future maturities are as follows:&nbsp;



December
    31
 2021
68
000

    
68
000




    
    
Lines
    of credit consists of two agreements with a related party:




    
    
On
    April 4
 2019
 Kona entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Robert.&nbsp;&nbsp;The agreement established a revolving
    line of credit in the amount of up to $1
500
000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent
    per annum. The line of credit matures on April 4
 2021
 at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest
    are due and payable. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 outstanding principal was $1
369
651 and $922
151
 respectively
 and accrued
    interest was $36
397 and $0
 respectively.




    
    
On
    August 29
 2019
 Gold Leaf entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Robert Clark.&nbsp;&nbsp;The agreement established
    a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to $200
000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of
    3.75 percent per annum. The line of credit matures on August 29
 2021
 at which time all outstanding principal amounts and
    accrued interest are due and payable. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 outstanding principal was $125
500 and $100
000
 respectively
    and accrued interest was $3
545 and $0
 respectively.


    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
9 &ndash; 2020 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT

2020
Securities Purchase Agreement

In
May 2020
 the Company completed the 2020 Private Placement of the 2020 Debentures and the 2020 Warrant pursuant to the 2020 SPA.
The Company sold and issued the First 2020 Debenture and granted the 2020 Warrant promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The
Company sold and issued the Second 2020 Debenture promptly after filing the 2020 Registration Statement initially with the SEC.
The Company sold and issued the Third 2020 Debenture promptly after the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The
2020 Debentures are due 12 months from their respective issuance dates and are secured by all of the Company&#146;s assets and
the assets of each of its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain Security Agreement by and among the Selling Stockholder
 the Company&#146;s
subsidiaries
 and the Company. Initially
 the 2020 Debentures are convertible at the lower of (i) the fixed conversion price
which is $0.05 per share
 subject to adjustment (the &#147;2020 Fixed Conversion Price&#148;)
 or (ii) 80% of the lowest daily
volume weighted average price (&#147;VWAP&#148;) of our Common Stock during the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion
date
 subject to adjustment (the &#147;2020 Market Conversion Price&#148;). The 2020 Debentures contain an adjustment provision
that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of its Common Stock or common stock
equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment
of the conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. The 2020 Debentures are subject to a &#147;conversion blocker&#148; such that
the Selling Stockholder cannot convert any portion of the 2020 Debentures that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its
affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such conversion (excluding
for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 2020 Debentures or exercise of
the 2020 Warrant that had not then been converted or exercised
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99%
&#147;conversion blocker&#148; to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&#146; prior written notice to the Company. The 2020 Debentures
accrue interest at an annual rate equal to 8% and are due and payable on their respective maturity dates (or sooner if the Selling
Stockholder converts the 2020 Debentures or otherwise accelerates the maturity date
 as provided for in the 2020 Debentures).
Interest is payable either in cash or
 if certain Equity Conditions (as defined in the 2020 Debentures) are then satisfied
 in
shares of the Common Stock at the 2020 Market Conversion Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date paid.

At
the Company&#146;s option
 it has the right to redeem
 in part or in whole
 the outstanding principal and interest under the
2020 Debentures prior to their respective maturity dates; 
 
 as of the date of the holder&#146;s receipt
of the redemption notice
 (i) the VWAP of the Common Stock is less than the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price
 initially $0.05 per share
and (ii) there is no Equity Conditions failure. The Company must pay an amount equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus
outstanding and accrued interest thereon
 as well as a redemption premium equal to 15% of the outstanding principal amount being
redeemed (the &#147;Redemption Premium&#148;). The Company must provide the holder 15 business days&#146; advance notice of
its intent to make a redemption
 setting forth the amount of principal and interest we desire then to redeem plus the applicable
Redemption Premium.

The
2020 Debentures contain an adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company
issues shares of the Common Stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2020
Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the conversion price of the 2020 Debentures.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering
for resale the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing of the 2020 Private Placement.
The Company also agreed
 among other things
 to indemnify the Selling Stockholder from certain liabilities and to pay all fees
and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the registration of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares held
by the Selling Stockholder.

Pursuant
to the 2020 SPA
 the purchase price for the First 2020 Debenture was $250
000
 less $15
000 for origination fees
 which consisted
of the &#147;original issue discount&#148; of $10
000 and $5
000 as a structuring fee. On December 23
 2020
 the Company converted
$100
000 of the principal of
 and $12
274 of accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture into 8
255
438 shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock
 see Note 11
. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the First 2020 Debenture
is $150
000.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Pursuant
to the 2020 SPA
 the purchase price for the Second 2020 Debenture was $250
000
 less $10
000 for origination fees
 which consisted
of the &#147;original issue discount&#148; of $10
000 fee. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the Second 2020 Debenture
is $250
000.



 the purchase price
for the Third 2020 Debenture was $500
000
 less $20
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &ldquo;original issue discount&rdquo;
of $10
000 fee. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the Third 2020 Debenture is $500
000.


Derivative
Liability

The
2020 Debentures have been accounted for utilizing ASC 815. The Company has incurred a liability for the estimated fair value of
the First 2020 Debenture. The estimated fair value of the 2020 Debentures has been calculated using the Black-Scholes fair value
option-pricing model with key input variables provided by management
 as of the date of issuance
 with the valuation offset against
additional paid in capital
 and at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recorded as gains or losses on revaluation
in other income (expense). The Company identified embedded features in the 2020 Debentures
 which caused the 2020 Debentures to
be classified as a liability. These embedded features included the right for the holder to request for the Company to settle the
amounts owed pursuant to the 2020 Debentures to the holder by paying an amount of cash equal to the Black-Scholes value of the
remaining unexercised portion of the 2020 Debentures on the date of the consummation of a fundamental transaction. The accounting
treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company treat the whole instrument as liability and record the
fair value of the instrument as a derivative as of the inception date of the instrument and to adjust the fair value of the instrument
as of each subsequent balance sheet date.

The
derivative liabilities were valued using Black-Scholes pricing model with the following average assumptions:&nbsp;




    
    
December 31
&nbsp;2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    




    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
2020:&nbsp;



    
    
December
    
31
 2020
    
    
Quoted
    
prices in 
Active 
Markets 
for 
Identical 
Assets 
(Level 1)
    
    
Significant
    
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)
    
    
Significant
    
Unobservable 
Inputs
    (Level 3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    


The
following table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of the Company&#146;s derivative liabilities for the year ended
December 31
 2020:&nbsp;



Fair
    value
 January 1
 2020
    
    

Change
    in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings
    

Embedded
    conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debenture
148
628

&nbsp;Fair
    value
 June 30
 2020
148
628

Change
    in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings
(39
725

Embedded
    conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debentures
108
903

Fair
    value
 September 30
 2020
217
806

Change
    in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings
(69
051

Embedded
    conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debentures
212
397

Fair
    value
 December 31
 2020
361
152




The
Company also granted the 2020 Warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 20 million shares of the Common Stock. The 2020 Warrant
has a three-year term and is immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $0.05 per share
 subject to adjustment. If the Company
fails to maintain an effective registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the 2020 Warrant Shares
 or if an Event
of Default (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing
 then the holder may exercise the 2020 Warrant on a &#147;cashless&#148;
basis. &#147;Event of Default&#148; means an event of default under the 2020 SPA or the 2020 Debentures.

The
2020 Warrant contains an adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the exercise price if the Company issues
shares of our Common Stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of the 2020 Warrant.
Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar
events will also result in an adjustment of the exercise price of the 2020 Warrant.

The
2020 Warrant is subject to an &#147;exercise blocker&#148; such that the Selling Stockholder cannot exercise any portion of
the 2020 Warrant that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued and
outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such exercise (excluding
 for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2020 Warrant or conversion of the 2020 Debentures that had not then been exercised or converted
respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &#147;exercise blocker&#148; to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&#146;
prior written notice to the Company.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company granted the 2020 Warrant that was immediately exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares
of Common Stock. The 2020 Warrant was fully expensed as an interest expense related to the 2020 Warrant issued in connection with
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the 2020 SPA
 and no liability was recorded as of December 31
 2020.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
10 &ndash; PAYCHECK PROTECTION PROGRAM LOAN

On
May 4
 2020
 the Company entered into a Paycheck Protection Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $95
161 (the &#147;PPP
Loan&#148;) with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. The PPP Loan was made under
 and is subject to
 the terms and conditions of the Paycheck
Protection Program (the &#147;PPP&#148;)
 which was established as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security
Act the (&#147;CARES Act&#148;) and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The PPP provides for loans to
qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The current
term of the PPP Loan is two years
 with a maturity date of May 6
 2022 and it contains a favorable fixed annual interest rate
of 1.00%. Payments of principal and interest on the PPP Loan are deferred for the first six months of the term of the PPP Loan
or November 2020. Thereafter
 principal and interest are payable monthly and may be prepaid by us at any time prior to maturity
with no prepayment penalties.

Under
the terms of the CARES Act
 recipients can apply for and receive forgiveness for all
 or a portion of the loan granted under the
PPP. Such forgiveness will be determined
 subject to limitations
 based on the use of loan proceeds for certain permissible purposes
as set forth in the PPP
 including
 but not limited to
 payroll costs
 mortgage interest
 rent or utility costs (collectively
&#147;Qualifying Expenses&#148;)
 and on the maintenance of employee and compensation levels during a certain time period following
the funding of the PPP Loan. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries
during the eight-week period. The Company has used the proceeds of the PPP Loan for salaries and wages
 building lease expense
and utilities. However
 no assurance is provided that the Company will be able to obtain forgiveness of the PPP Loan in whole
or in part.

In
May 2020
 the Company also received an advance in the amount of $7
000 as part of the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program offered
by the U.S. Small Business Administration. This advance was received after the Company filed its application with regarding to
the PPP. The advance was not included in any of the documentation related to the PPP Loan. The Company is in the process of determining
how this advance will be included as part of the PPP Loan forgiveness.

NOTE
11 &ndash; EQUITY TRANSACTIONS

Preferred
Stock
The
Company&#146;s issued and outstanding preferred stock
 par value $0.00001 per share
 at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was 988
140
and 4
988
000
 respectively. The Board
 without further stockholder approval
 may issue preferred stock in one or more series
from time to time and fix or alter the designations
 relative rights
 priorities
 preferences
 qualifications
 limitations and
restrictions of the shares of each series.

Series
A Preferred Stock

The
Company had authorized 4
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &#147;Series A Preferred
Stock&#148;)
 of which no shares were authorized
 issued or outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 4
000
000 shares were authorized
issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
 when outstanding
 could have been converted
into one share of the Common Stock.

Series
B Preferred Stock

The
Company had authorized 1
200
000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &#147;Series B Preferred
Stock&#148;)
 of which 488
000 were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively. Each share
of Series B Preferred Stock may be converted into one share of the Common Stock.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Series
C Preferred Stock

On
July 8
 2020
 the Company reduced the authorized number of Series C Preferred Stock from 3
300
000 to 250 shares
 par value $0.00001
per share (the &#147;Series C Preferred Stock&#148;)
 by filing a Certificate of Designation of the Preferences
 Rights
 and
Limitations of the Series C Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Company also amended the
terms of the Series C Preferred Stock. The holders of shares of the Series Preferred C Stock are now entitled to 2
000
000 votes
for every share of our Series Preferred C Stock held. The holders of the Series Preferred C Stock are not entitled to receive
dividends. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 before any distribution
or payment will be made to the holders of any stock ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock
 the holders of the Series
C Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the Company&#146;s assets an amount equal to $1.00 in the aggregate for
all issued and outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends
 combinations
 splits
recapitalizations
 and the like with respect to such shares) (the &#147;Preference Value&#148;). After the payment of the full
applicable Preference Value of each share of the Series C Preferred Stock
 our remaining assets legally available for distribution
if any
 will be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock has conversion rights
 whereby
each share of the Series C Preferred Stock automatically converts into one share of Common Stock on the one-year anniversary of
the issuance date.

At
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had authorized 250 and 3
300
000 shares
 respectively
 of Series C Preferred Stock of
which 140 and 0 shares
 respectively
 were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. At such dates
each share of the Series C Preferred Stock was convertible into one and 1
000 shares
 respectively of the Common Stock.

Series
D Preferred Stock

The
Company had authorized 500
000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &#147;Series D Preferred
Stock&#148;)
 of which 500
000 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Each share of
the Series D Preferred Stock may be converted into 1
000 shares of Common Stock.

Common
Stock

The
Company had authorized 2
500
000
000 and 900
000
000 shares of the Common Stock
 respectively
 of which 786
308
041 shares were
issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 763
967
603 were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019.

Equity
Transactions 

On
February 11
 2019
 Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum Capital Group LLC (&#147;Quantum&#148;) converted
55
000 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock into 55
000
000 shares of the Common Stock. At the conversion date
 the shares of
Common Stock had a per-share fair market value of $0.0840
 representing a total fair value of $4
620
000
 which was based on the
closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.

On
March 18
 2019
 the Company issued 58
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 58
000 of shares of
the Series C Preferred Stock by Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum. The shares of Common Stock at
the date of conversion had a per-share fair market value of $0.0785 based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported
by the OTCM on the date of issuance.

On
April 17
 2019
 the Company issued 52
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 52
000 shares of Series
C Preferred Stock by Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum. The shares of Common Stock
 at the date
of conversion
 had a fair market value of $0.076 per share
 or an aggregate fair value of $3
952
000
 based on the closing price
of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

On
July 15
 2019
 the Company issued 106
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 106
000 shares of the
Series C Preferred Stock by Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum. The shares of Common Stock had a
per-share fair market value of $0.1081
 or a total fair value of $11
458
600
 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as
reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.

Pursuant
to the terms of our offer letter to William Jeffrey Outlaw to serve as one of our Independent Directors
 on July 30
 2019
 we
issued 10
000
000 shares of Common Stock to its independent director
 William Jeffrey Outlaw
 as payment of $800
000 for his services
in that capacity. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.111 based on the closing price of the Common
Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.

On
July 10
 2020
 the Company issued an aggregate of 4
000
000 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of an aggregate of 4
000
000
shares of our Series A Preferred Stock by Robert Clark and Joseph Thornburg. The shares of our Common Stock on the date of issuance
had a per-share fair market value of $0.0346
 which was based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by the OTCM
on the date of issuance. We issued the shares in reliance on the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act (in that the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion did not involve any public offering).

On
December 23
 2020
 the Company issued an aggregate of 8
255
438 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $100
000 of the
principal of
 and $12
274 of accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous
15 trading days was $0.0170. The First 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0136
 which was the lower of
the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.

For
other equity issuances during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 please see Note 12
 
 Note 13
 
and Note 18
 

NOTE
12 &ndash; EMPLOYEES

On
April 30
 2019
 these shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $6
500 by Mr. Clark. On March 30
2016
 the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Ryan Medico (the &#147;Executive Employment Agreement&#148;)
whereby Mr. Medico was hired to serve as the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer until January 1
 2017. In connection with
the Executive Employment Agreement and Mr. Medico&#146;s service as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Company agreed to pay Mr.
Medico 20
000
000 shares of the Common Stock and negotiate a cash salary when the Company determined that it could pay such salary.
These shares had a per-share fair market value of $0.014
 or a total fair value of $280
000
 at the date of issuance
 which was
the closing price per share of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. On July 30
 2019
 the 14
860
346
shares that had been issued to Ryan Medico were forfeited to the Company and cancelled. The subsequent forfeiture of the Common
Stock was accounted for on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Deficit
as a reduction in the Common Stock and additional paid-in capital.

On
January 16
 2019
 pursuant to the terms of an employment agreement between the Company and Chad Webb dated December 1
 2018
 the
Company issued to Mr. Webb 5
000
000 shares of Common Stock as payment of $277
000 in compensation owed for services provided.
The shares had a per-share fair market value of $0.0554
 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM
on the date of issuance.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

On
May 23
 2019
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of Common Stock equal to $13
100
 to each of Jazmin Gonzalez and Michelle Motta
as an incentive bonus. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.131 based on the closing price of the Common
Stock on the date of issuance as reported by the OTCM. On November 7
 2019
 the 100
000 shares that were issued to Michelle Motta
were forfeited to the Company and cancelled
 which resulted in a reduction in compensation expense of $13
100.

On
July 30
 2019
 14
860
346 shares of Common Stock were forfeited to the Company. These shares were originally issued on April 7
2016 for services rendered by Ryan Medico. The return of these shares increased additional paid-in capital by $149.

On
August 12
 2015
 the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Robert Clark (the &#147;Clark Employment Agreement&#148;).
On December 1
 2016
 the Company entered into an Amendment to Employment Agreement (the &#147;Clark Amendment&#148;; and
 together
with the Clark Employment Agreement
 the &#147;Amended Clark Employment Agreement&#148;). Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment
Clark Employment Agreement
 the Company agreed to issue
 among other securities
 200
000
000 shares of the Common Stock. Immediately
Mr. Clark decided to defer receipt of 80
000
000 of such shares; thus leaving 120
000
000 shares of the Common Stock to be issued
to him. Those 120
000
000 shares of the Common Stock were issued to Mr. Clark
 as follows: (i) on October 28
 2015
 the Company
issued 30
000
000 of such shares at the per-share fair market value of $0.015
 based on the closing price of the Common Stock
as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance; (ii) on March 2
 2016
 the Company issued 40
000
000 of such shares at the per-share
fair market value of $0.0250 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance; and
(iii) on Mary 16
 2016
 the Company issued 50
000
000 of such shares at the per-share fair market value of $0.0036 based on the
closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. The Company accrued 80
000
000 shares of the
Common Stock on December 31
 2016 that were not issued. At the date of accrual
 the per-share fair market value of the shares
was $0.0025 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. On April 19
 2018
40
000
000 shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $1
000
000 by Mr. Clark. On July 31
 2019
an additional 50
000
000 shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $180
000. Accordingly
 as of
June 30
 2020
 Mr. Clark was the record and beneficial owner of 17
100
000 of shares of the Common Stock and
 subject to the July
2020 issuance to Mr. Clark of 140 shares of Series C Preferred
 the Company accrued and owed to Mr. Clark an aggregate of 170
000
000
shares to be reissued to him upon his request pursuant to the terms of the oral agreement with him.

The
Company issued 5
000
000 shares of Common Stock on January 27
 2020 to Lori Radcliffe pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement
dated October 7
 2019
 by and between Ms. Radcliffe and the Company. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value
of the shares was $0.0637 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance
 for
a total value of $318
500.

On
April 3
 2020
 the Company issued 5
000
000 shares of the Common Stock to Paul O&#146;Renick pursuant to an Employment Agreement
dated October 1
 2019 in exchange for compensation owed in the amount of $157
500 for services provided. At the date of issuance
the per-share fair market value was $0.0315 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date
of issuance.

NOTE
13 &ndash; SPONSORSHIPS

On
May 1
 2019
 the Company entered into a sponsorship agreement with Ryan Dodd
 a professional waterski jumper (the &#147;Dodd
Agreement&#148;)
 whereby the Company agreed to pay monthly sponsorship fees of $1
250 for one year. On May 23
 2019
 the Company
issued Mr. Dodd 262
500 shares of Common Stock. At the date of issuance
 the shares of Common Stock had a fair market value of
$0.131 per share based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of issuance as reported by the OTCM
 representing
$34
388 as payment for the Company&#146;s sponsorship. The Dodd Agreement was extended in January 2020 for an additional one-year
term. On April 3
 2020
 the Company issued 85
000 shares of the Common Stock to Ryan Dodd pursuant to the Dodd Agreement. At the
date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.0315 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the
OTCM on the date of issuance
 representing a payment of $2
578 for sponsorship fees.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
14 &ndash; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Liabilities
for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines
 penalties
 and other sources are recorded when it
is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. The following represents
the Company&#146;s commitments and contingencies as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
Operating
    Lease &ndash; The Company currently leases approximately 4
500 square feet of corporate office and warehouse space located
    at 746 North Drive
 Suite A
 Melbourne
 Florida 32934. The lease is for a five-year term
 and expires on May 31
 2023. The
    initial monthly base rent was approximately $3
994
 plus state taxes. The monthly base rent increases annually by three percent
    beginning on June 1
 2019 and each June 1st thereafter. During the lease year that commenced on June 1
 2020
 the Company&#146;s
    monthly base rent will be $4
114. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized operating lease expense of
    $58
069
 which is included in in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
    of Loss.

    
    
    

NOTE
15 &ndash; LEASE LIABILITIES

The
Company reported the following operating lease liabilities as of September 30
 2020:



    
    
Right-of-Use
    Operating Lease &ndash; On May 22
 2019
 Gold Leaf entered into a lease agreement for 30
000 square feet of office and warehouse
    space in Greer County
 South Carolina. The agreement includes monthly payments of $13
429
 and included a $6
500 deposit.
    For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized right-of-use operating lease expense of $148
895
 which is included
    in in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.




    
    
On
    March 17
 2020
 Kona entered into a lease agreement for equipment. The agreement includes monthly payments of $676. For the
    year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized right-of-use operating lease expense of $5
522
 which is included in
    in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.


Amounts
recognized as right-of-use assets
 net related to operating leases are included in noncurrent assets in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheet
 while related lease liabilities are included in current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt. At December
31
 2020 and 2019
 the right-of-use asset and lease liability related to the operating leases were as follows:



    
December 31

December 31


    
1
072
094
378
013

    
(159
101
(39
709


 net
912
993
338
304

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
149
407
71
032

    
763
586
286
139

    
912
993
357
171


    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The
future payments due under operating leases is as follows:



    
    


 2021
149
407


 2022
154
416


 2023
160
631


 2024
167
587


 2025
167
537

    
113
415

    
912
993


NOTE
16 &ndash; REVENUE

The
Company determined that the majority of the Company&#146;s revenue earned from its two reporting segments is recognized when
it satisfies a single performance obligation by transferring control of its products to a customer. The Company does not have
a significant financing component or payment terms
 and the Company does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations.
The Company&#146;s revenues are obtained in similar geographical locations within the United States. The Company&#146;s operating
segments are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of our
products and customers are essentially the same. Furthermore
 the Company regularly reviews disaggregated revenue by source for
evaluating the financial performance of its operations and making resource decisions. The Company&#146;s revenue is broken down
by the following:



    
    
Distributors
    &ndash; revenue derived from direct sales to distributors for resale of its products: Kona Gold hemp-infused energy drinks
    HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters
 and Storm CBD-infused water.

    
    
Amazon
    Sales &ndash; revenue derived from customer purchases through Amazon.com of our Kona Gold hemp-infused energy drinks.

    
    
Online
    Sales &ndash; revenue derived from customer purchases through the Company&#146;s websites: KonaGoldHemp.com and HighDrateMe.com
    of the following products: Kona Gold hemp-infused energy drinks and apparel
 HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters
 and Storm
    CBD-infused water.

    
    
Gold
    Leaf Distribution &ndash; revenue derived from Gold Leaf
 which is the Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 that focuses
    on the distribution of premium beverages and snacks in key markets. These markets include over 500 accounts in grocery stores
    convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. Gold Leaf&#146;s
    product line includes alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy
    aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused jellybeans
 all of which complement the Company&#146;s current product offerings.

    
    
Shipping
    &ndash; revenue derived from shipping from direct sales of the Company&#146;s product through KonaGoldHemp.com and HighDrateMe.com.

    
    
Sales
    Returns and Allowances &ndash; the amount reduced from all revenue sources to allow for product returns.


    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The
following tables presents our net revenues
 by revenue source
 and the period-over-period percentage change
 for the period presented:



    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
315
007
438
745
    

    
133
787
87
965
    

    
93
124
55
190
    

    
70
555
332
371
    

    
70
339
24
663
    

    
(51
159
(28
707
    

    
1
631
653
910
227
    


The
following tables presents our net revenues
 by revenue source
 as a percentage of total net revenues for the periods presented:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 and Allowances
    
    


NOTE
17 &ndash; SEGMENTS 

The
Company has two reportable segments:



    
    
Includes
    three types of beverage products: (i) hemp-infused energy drinks
 (ii) CBD-infused energy water
 and (iii) CBD-infused high-alkaline
    water
 as well as apparel with the Kona Gold logo. The Beverages Segment includes all of Kona&#146;s and HighDrate&#146;s
    operations. The Company considers this a single operating segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating
    performance. As such
inancial
tatements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal
    financial information used by management. We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical
    to present such information.

    
    
Distribution.
    
    stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. In addition
    to distributing the Company&#146;s own beverage products
 the Company also distributes other products
 including alkaline
    waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused
    jellybeans
 all of which complement the Company&#146;s current product offerings. The Distribution Segment includes all of
    Gold Leaf&#146;s operations.


Amounts
that do not relate to a reportable segment have been allocated to &#147;Corporate and Eliminations.&#148;

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The
following tables present information about our reportable segments.



    


 2020


2019

    
    
    

    
824
835
800
378

    
(146
894
44
809

    
105
671
(40
630

    
783
612
804
557

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
063
074
514
312

    
85
546
40
356

    
8
233
10
205

    
1
156
853
564
873

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
879
305
1
356
599

    
72
576
61
027

    
1
424
367
98
020

    
3
376
248
1
515
646

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
616
018
1
685
260

    
192
350
159
500

    
    
    

    
2
808
368
1
844
760




    
 December 31


    
    
    


 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES:
    
    

    
1
635
669
718
455

    
83
051
332
371

    
(87
067
(140
599


 Net of Sales
 Returns
 and Allowances
1
631
653
910
227

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
333
135
492
096

    
68
012
249
780

    
(87
067
(87
699

    
1
314
080
654
177

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
372
392
1
729
768

    
150
401
276
248

    
65
815
608
808

    
3
588
608
2
614
824

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
483
366
(45
292

    
    
2
745

    
    
(724
274

    
(1
483
366
(766
821

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
586
492
(1
548
700

    
(135
362
(190
912

    
(65
815
(1
385
983

    
(1
787
669
(3
125
595


    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
18 &ndash; SETTLEMENT

On
June 13
 2019
 the Company
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 HighDrate
 entered into the Settlement Agreement with Tre Holdco.
Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
 Tre Holdco assigned U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 5
351
770 for &#147;Highdrate&#148; to the
Company and
 in exchange
 the Company paid to Tre Holdco a cash payment of $22
500 and issued to Tre Holdco 500
000 shares Common
Stock. On June 17
 2019
 the Company issued these shares. The per-share fair market value at the date of issuance was $0.1185.
The &#147;HighDrate&#148; trademark is included in intangible assets at a total value of $81
750
 net of accumulated amortization
in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated September 30
 2020 and December 31
 2019. See Note 4

Assets
 for additional information.

On
June 13
 2019
 the Company
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 HighDrate
 entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement (the
&#147;Settlement Agreement&#148;) with Tre Holdco Inc. (&#147;Tre Holdco&#148;). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
 Tre
Holdco assigned U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 5
351
770 for the mark &#147;Highdrate&#148; to the Company and
 in exchange
 the Company
paid to Tre Holdco a cash payment in the amount of $22
500 and issued to Tre Holdco 500
000 shares of Common Stock. The shares
were issued on June 17
 2019 and
 on such date
 the per-share fair market value
 based on the closing price of common stock as
reported by the OTCM
 was $0.1185
 representing a total fair value of $59
250.

NOTE
19 &ndash; GOING CONCERN

The
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization
of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying
Consolidated Financial Statements
 during the year ending December 31
 2020
 the Company incurred a net loss of $3
125
595
 used
cash in operations of $1
370
123 and had a stockholders&#146; deficit of $4
244
153 as of December 31
 2020. In the year ending
December 31
 2019
 the Company incurred a net loss of $1
787
669 and used cash in operations of $1
228
699 and had a stockholders&#146;
deficit of $1
990
976 as of December 31
 2019.

The
Company attributes this decrease in sales to the discontinuation of smaller distributor agreements in an effort to sign more favorable
agreements with larger
 reputable tier 1 and mid-size distributors and grocery chains. These contracts saw unforeseen delays and
were additionally impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during the fiscal year. The COVID-19 delayed the Company&#146;s launch of
a variety of new products during most of the 2020 fiscal year &ndash; drinks and non-drink line broadening items. We expect that
revenue will increase in fiscal year 2021 as distribution related to our current distributors affected by COVID-19 that have resumed
distribution will continue to see fewer impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic going forward. Despite the impact from COVID-19 on
our revenues in the fiscal year 2020
 we still anticipate to sign larger
 more favorable agreements with larger
 tier 1 and mid-size
distributors in our Beverage Segment during fiscal 2021.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

As
a result
 the Company&#146;s continuation as a going concern is dependent on the ability to obtain additional financing until
we can generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet our obligations. We intend to continue to seek additional debt or
equity financing to continue our operations. There is no assurance that we will ever be profitable or that debt or equity financing
will be available to us in the amounts
 on terms
 and at times deemed acceptable to us
 if at all. The issuance of additional
equity securities by us would result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining
commercial loans
 assuming those loans would be available
 would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. If we are
unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us
 we may be unable to continue our business
 as
planned
 and as a result may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business
 the result of which would be that
our stockholders would lose some or all of their investment. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

NOTE
20 &ndash; CONCENTRATIONS

The
Company had certain customers whose revenue individually represented 10% or more of the Company&#146;s total revenue
 less intercompany
transactions. In addition
 certain customers had outstanding accounts receivables that individually represented 10% or more of
the Company&#146;s total outstanding accounts receivables
 less intercompany transactions
 but before receivable allowances.
These customers are as follows:

In
the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2020
 the Company&#146;s net accounts receivable were $(10
508)
representing total accounts receivable of approximately $22
166 less sales returns and allowance of approximately $28
707 and
less doubtful accounts of approximately $3


 2019
 $63
593
 representing
total accounts receivable of approximately $119
1 less sales returns and allowances of approximately
$51
159 and less doubtful accounts of approximately $5
019. The breakdown of the Company&#146;s accounts receivable is as follows:



    

 

 

    
22
166
119
771

    
28
707
51
1599

    
3
967
5
019


 net
(10
508
63
5934


The
Company determined that four customers accounted for approximately 76% (or approximately 26%
 22%
 14% and 14%)
 or an aggregate
of $16
904
 of the outstanding total accounts receivable of $22


The Company determined that one customer accounted for approximately 16%
 or $19
471
 of the outstanding total accounts receivable
of $119
771 as of December 31
 2019.

In
the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss for the year ended December 31
 2020
 no one customer represented 10% or more
of the Company&#146;s total net revenue of $910
227 for the year ended December 31

 for the year ended December
31
 2019
 no one customer represented 10% or more of the Company&#146;s total net revenue of $1
631
653 for the year ended December
31
 2019.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The
raw materials used in the production of the Company&#146;s products are obtained by the Company&#146;s co-packers and consist
primarily of materials such as the flavors
 caffeine
 sugars or sucralose
 taurine
 vitamins
 CBD
 and hemp seed protein contained
in its beverages
 the bottles in which its beverages are packaged
 and the labeling on the outside of its beverages. These principal
raw materials are subject to price and availability fluctuations. The Company currently relies on a few key co-packers
 which
in turn rely on a few key suppliers. The Company continually endeavors to have back-up co-packers
 which co-packers would in turn
depend on their third-party suppliers to supply certain of the flavors and concentrates that are used in the Company&#146;s beverages.
The Company is also dependent on these co-packers to negotiate arrangements with their existing suppliers that would enable the
Company to obtain access to certain of such concentrates or flavor formulas under certain extraordinary circumstances. Additionally
in a limited number of cases
 the Company&#146;s co-packers may have contractual restrictions with their suppliers or the Company&#146;s
co-packers may need to obtain regulatory approvals and licenses that may limit the co-packers&#146; ability to enter into agreements
with alternative suppliers. Contractual restrictions in the agreements the Company has with certain distributors may also limit
the Company&#146;s ability to enter into agreements with alternative distributors. The Company believes that a satisfactory supply
of co-packers will continue to be available at competitive prices
 although there can be no assurance in this regard. With respect
to Gold Leaf&#146;s operations
 the Company continually endeavors to contract with additional beverage vendors to ensure the
Company has adequate inventory. The Company believes that a satisfactory supply of vendors will continue to be available at competitive
prices
 although there can be no assurance in this regard.

The
Company had certain vendors that individually represented 10% or more of the Company&#146;s inventory purchases. For the year
ended December 31
 2020
 the Company did not purchase in excess of 10% of its inventory from any single vendor. For the year ended
December 31
 2019
 the Company purchased 86% of the Company&#146;s inventory from two vendors
 of which no amount was due to
these vendors as of December 31
 2019.

NOTE
21 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


evaluated subsequent events through April 14
 2021
 the date that the December 31
 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements were issued
and has determined the following events have occurred that would warrant additional disclosure:



    
    
In
    December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China. In January 2020
 the WHO declared
    the COVID-19 outbreak a &#147;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&#148; This worldwide outbreak has resulted
    in the implementation of significant governmental measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 quarantines
 and travel bans intended
    to control the spread of the virus. Companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing
    travel restrictions
 and temporarily closing businesses and facilities. These restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation
    measures
 have had an adverse impact on global economic conditions and are likely to have an adverse impact on consumer confidence
    and spending
 which could materially adversely affect the supply of
 as well as the demand for
 the Company&#146;s products.
    Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of COVID-19 are likely to result in sustained market turmoil
 which could also
    negatively impact the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and cash flow.


The
extent of the effect of COVID-19 on the Company&#146;s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
including the duration
 spread
 and intensity of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering
the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result
 it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&#146;s
business. However
 as the pandemic continued for much of the 2020 fiscal year and if it continues for a prolonged period in the
2021 fiscal year
 it could have a continuing material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 results of operations
 financial
condition
 Venture
Market.

The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will further impact the Company&#146;s business will depend on future developments and
given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation and around the imposition or relaxation
of protective measures
 the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact to its business at this time.

    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
On
January 12
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 10
887
819 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $200
000 of the
principal of
 and $1
425 of accrued interest on
 the Third 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous
15 trading days was $0.0231. The Third 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0185
 which was the lower of
the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.

    
    
    

    
    
On
                                         January 21
 2021
 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with S and
                                         S Beverage
 Inc. and its shareholders and acquired all of the capital stock of S and
                                         S Beverage Inc. (&#147;S and S&#148;). To consummate the Acquisition
 a Certificate
                                         of Merger with the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions (the &#147;Merger
                                         Certificate&#148;) on February 1
 2021. On January 22
 2021
 (i) Kona Gold
 (ii) KGS
                                         Temporary Company
 Inc. (Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. &#147;Acquisition Subsidiary&#148;)
                                         (iii) S and S
 (iv) William J. Stineman and K&amp;L Beverage
 LLC
 a Wisconsin limited
                                         liability company (as the indemnifying S and S shareholders)
 and (v) Mr. Stineman (as
                                         representative of the S and S Shareholders) entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger
                                         (the &#147;Merger Agreement&#148;). S and S merged with and into our Acquisition Subsidiary;
                                         S and S was the surviving entity and became our wholly-owned subsidiary of Kona Gold
                                         Beverage

                                         customary representations
 warranties
 covenants
 and agreements of the parties
 including
                                         certain indemnification rights in favor of us that are customary for a transaction of

                                         LLC
 agreed to guarantee its indemnification obligations in Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.&#146;s
                                         favor.
Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement
 and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein
we
acquired all of the shares of capital stock of S and S from the five holders thereof (the &#147;S and S Legacy Shareholders&#148;).
In consideration thereof
 we issued to them an aggregate of nine million restricted shares of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.&#146;s
common stock (the &#147;Acquisition Stock&#148;) on a pro rata basis. Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. did not grant them any registration
rights in respect of the shares of Acquisition Stock. We also agreed to pay an aggregate of $1
050
000 (the &#147;Aggregate Acquisition
Payments&#148;)
 the majority of which is allocated to certain creditors of S and S (including one of the S and S Legacy Shareholders)
and approximately $89
000 of which (the &#147;Remaining Acquisition Payments&#148;) is allocated to the S and S Legacy Shareholders
on a pro rata basis. $400
000 of the Aggregate Acquisition Payments are scheduled to be paid in the next two weeks. The balance
of the Aggregate Acquisition Payments
 including the Remaining Acquisition Payments
 are scheduled to be paid in monthly installments
in arrears on the tenth calendar day of each month
 commencing on March 10
 2021
 at a rate equivalent to $2.00 per case of Lemin
Superior Lemonade (the product line of S and S) that we sell until the Aggregate Acquisition Payments have been paid in full.
In addition to the Aggregate Acquisition Payments
 we also assumed and agreed to pay certain other liabilities of S and S as set
forth in the Merger Agreement.

    
    
    

    
    
On
    January 25
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 7
094
732 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $150
000 of the
    principal of
 and $1
118 of accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the
    previous 15 trading days was $0.0266. The First 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0213
 which was
    the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.

    
    
    

    
    
On
    January 25
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 5
183
613 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $100
000 of the
    principal of
 and $10
411 of accrued interest on
 the Second 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the
    previous 15 trading days was $0.0266. The Second 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0213
 which was
    the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.


    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
On
    February 1
 2021 we entered into a Paycheck Protection Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $117
487 (the &#147;PPP
    Loan&#148;) with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. The PPP Loan was made under
 and is subject to
 the terms and conditions of the Paycheck
    Protection Program (the &#147;PPP&#148;)
 which was established as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security
    Act and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The PPP provides for loans to qualifying businesses for
    amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The current term of the PPP Loan
    is five years
 with a maturity date of February 1
 2026 and it contains a favorable fixed annual interest rate of 1.00%. Payments
    of principal and interest on the PPP Loan are deferred
 and the Loan may be eligible for forgiveness pursuant to and in accordance
    with the PPP Program Requirements.




    
    
In
                                         February 2021
 the Company completed a private placement transaction (the &#147;2021
                                         Private Placement&#148;) of two secured convertible debentures (the &#147;2021 Debentures&#148;)
                                         convertible for up to 154
958
678 shares (the &#147;2021 Conversion Shares&#148;) of
                                         Common Stock and granted a Warrant to purchase Common Stock (the &#147;2021 Warrant&#148;)
                                         exercisable for up to 50
000
000 shares of Common Stock (the &#147;2021 Warrant Shares&#148;)
                                         pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between the Selling stockholder
                                         and the Company
 dated as of February 10
 2021 (the &#147;2021 SPA&#148;). The Company
                                         sold and issued the initial 2021 Debenture (the &#147;First 2021 Debenture&#148;) and
                                         granted the 2021 Warrant promptly after entering in the 2021 SPA. The Company will sell
                                         and issue the second 2021 Debenture (the &#147;Second 2021 Debenture&#148;) promptly
                                         after the SEC declares effective the 2021 Registration Statement (as defined below).
        
The
2021 Debentures are due 12 months from their respective issuance dates and are secured by all of the Company&#146;s assets and
the assets of each of its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain Security Agreement by and among the Selling Stockholder
 the Company&#146;s
subsidiaries
 and the Company. Initially
 the 2021 Debentures are convertible at the lower of (i) the fixed conversion price
which is $0.03 per share
 subject to adjustment (the &#147;2021 Fixed Conversion Price&#148;)
 or (ii) 80% of the lowest daily
volume weighted average price (&#147;VWAP&#148;) of our Common Stock during the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion
date
 subject to adjustment (the &#147;2021 Market Conversion Price&#148;). The 2021 Debentures contain an adjustment provision
that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of its Common Stock or common stock
equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2021 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment
of the conversion price of the 2021 Debentures. The 2021 Debentures are subject to a &#147;conversion blocker&#148; such that
the Selling Stockholder cannot convert any portion of the 2021 Debentures that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its
affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such conversion (excluding
for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 2021 Debentures or exercise of
the 2021 Warrant that had not then been converted or exercised
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99%
&#147;conversion blocker&#148; to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&#146; prior written notice to the Company. The 2021 Debentures
accrue interest at an annual rate equal to 8% and are due and payable on their respective maturity dates (or sooner if the Selling
Stockholder converts the 2021 Debentures or otherwise accelerates the maturity date
 as provided for in the 2021 Debentures).
Interest is payable either in cash or
 if certain Equity Conditions (as defined in the 2021 Debentures) are then satisfied
 in
shares of the Common Stock at the 2021 Market Conversion Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date paid.
        


    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
At
the Company&#146;s option
 it has the right to redeem
 in part or in whole
 the outstanding principal and interest under the
2021 Debentures prior to their respective maturity dates; 
 
 as of the date of the holder&#146;s receipt
of the redemption notice
 (i) the VWAP of the Common Stock is less than the 2021 Fixed Conversion Price
 initially $0.03 per share
and (ii) there is no Equity Conditions failure. The Company must pay an amount equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus
outstanding and accrued interest thereon
 as well as a redemption premium equal to 15% of the outstanding principal amount being
redeemed (the &#147;Redemption Premium&#148;). The Company must provide the holder 15 business days&#146; advance notice of
its intent to make a redemption
 setting forth the amount of principal and interest we desire then to redeem plus the applicable
Redemption Premium.
        
The
        2021 Debentures contain an adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the
        Company issues shares of Common Stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price
        of the 2021 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
        stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the conversion price of the 2021 Debentures.
        
Pursuant
        to the 2021 SPA
 the purchase price for the First 2021 Debenture was $900
000
 less $41
000 for origination fees
 which
        consisted of the &#147;original issue discount&#148; of $36
000 and $5
000 as a structuring fee. Pursuant to the 2021
        SPA
 the purchase price for the Second 2021 Debenture will be $600
000
 less $24
000 as an &#147;original issue discount.&#148;
        
In
        connection with the 2021 Private Placement
 the Company also granted the 2021 Warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of
        50 million shares of the Common Stock. The 2021 Warrant has a three-year term and is immediately exercisable at an exercise
        price of $0.03 per share
 subject to adjustment. If the Company fails to maintain an effective registration statement
        with the SEC covering the resale of the 2021 Warrant Shares
 or if an Event of Default (as defined below) has occurred
        and is continuing
 then the holder may exercise the 2021 Warrant on a &#147;cashless&#148; basis. &#147;Event of Default&#148;
        means an event of default under the 2021 SPA or the 2021 Debentures.
        
The
        2021 Warrant contains an adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the exercise price if the Company
        issues shares of our Common Stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of
        the 2021 Warrant. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock
        dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the exercise price of the 2021 Warrant.
        
The
        2021 Warrant is subject to an &#147;exercise blocker&#148; such that the Selling Stockholder cannot exercise any portion
        of the 2021 Warrant that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued
        and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such exercise (excluding
 for purposes of such determination
 shares
        of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2021 Warrant or conversion of the 2021 Debentures that had not then
        been exercised or converted
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &#147;exercise blocker&#148;
        to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&#146; prior written notice to the Company.


    
    

Kona
Gold Beverage
 Inc. 
(formerly known as Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.) 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
Pursuant
to the terms of the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement with the Selling Stockholder
 the Company agreed to file a registration
statement on Form S-1 (the &#147;2021 Registration Statement&#148;) with the SEC registering for resale the 2021 Conversion
Shares and the 2021 Warrant Shares within 30 calendar days following the closing of the 2021 Private Placement. The Selling Stockholder
has agreed to waive this 30-calendar-day provision for so long as the Company is utilizing its best efforts to file its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 and promptly thereafter files the 2021 Registration Statement.
Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have the 2021 Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon
as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
 trading day following the date
on which the Company is notified that the 2021 Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further
review and comments. Pursuant to the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company is subject to partial liquidated damages
equal to 2.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder pursuant to the 2021 SPA for either of the 2021 Debentures then
held by the holder for failure to file the 2021 Registration Statement timely
 failure to file with the SEC a request for acceleration
in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act
 within five trading days after the date the Company is notified
that the 2021 Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is not subject to further review
 the 2021 Registration Statement
is not declared effective by the effectiveness deadline
 if after effectiveness
 the 2021 Registration Statement ceases for any
reason to remain continuously effective as required or if the holders are not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell
for more than 30 consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of 40 calendar days during any 12-month period
 or if after
the six-month anniversary of the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company does not have available adequate current public
information as set forth in Rule 144(c). The parties agreed that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to a holder
of the 2021 Debentures under the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement is 24% of the aggregate purchase price paid by such holder
pursuant to the 2021 SPA. The Company also agreed
 among other things
 to indemnify the Selling Stockholder from certain liabilities
and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the registration of the 2021 Conversion Shares and
the 2021 Warrant Shares held by the Selling Stockholder.

    
    
    

    
        
    
Pursuant
    to the Agreement and Plan of Merger with S and S Beverage
 Inc.
 the Company issued 9
000
000 shares of its common stock to
    the legacy S and S Beverage
 Inc. shareholders as follows: 6
300
000 shares to K &amp; L Beverage; 1
980
000 shares to William
    J. Stineman; 360
000 shares to William F. Stineman; 270
000 shares to Gary Kramer; and 90
000 shares to Steven Sirus. The
    per-share fair market value of the common stock was $0.0301
 based on the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock
    as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. on February 5
 2021
 the date on which the Company filed its Current Report on Form
    8-K disclosing the acquisition.




    
    
On
    February 19
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 7
252
634 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $150
000 of
    the principal of
 and $855 of accrued interest on
 the Second 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the
    previous 15 trading days was $0.0260. The Second 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0208
 which was
    the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.


    
    

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



Financial
    Statements of S and S Beverage
 Inc. 
    

Unaudited Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
    

Unaudited Statements of Loss for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Unaudited Statements of Stockholders&#146; Deficit for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Unaudited Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    


    
    

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of S and S Beverage
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of S and S Beverage
 Inc. as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the related statements of operations
stockholders&#146; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#147;financial
statements&#148;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company
as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#146;s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (&#147;PCAOB&#148;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or
fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Substantial
Doubt about the Company&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
7 to the financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition
 the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 7. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/S/
BF Borgers CPA PC


We
have served as the Company&#146;s auditor since 2020
Lakewood
 CO
March 29
 2021

    
    

S
and S Beverage
 Inc.




    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
30
075


 net of allowance of $24
280 and $0
 respectively
9
438
81
094

    
240
797
254
996

    
250
235
366
165

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
12
200
13
168

    
262
435
379
333

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
78
782
105
603

    
6
362
    

    
11
915
    

    
19
667
47
553

    
801
761
78
760

    
918
487
231
916

    
    
    


 net of current
    
200
000

    
918
487
431
916

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $30.05 par value
 10
000 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
300
500
300
500

    
437
701
412
701

    
(1
394
253
(765
784

    
(656
052
(52
583

    
262
435
379
333


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

    
    

S
and S Beverage
 Inc.




    



    
    
    

    
342
972
865
261

    
339
609
618
891

    
3
363
246
370

    
    
    

    
    
    


 general and administrative expenses
606
627
1
010
565

    
(603
264
(764
195

    
    
    

    
(11
915
(10
597


 net
(13
290
    

    
(628
469
(774
792

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
000
10
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

    
    

S
and S Beverage
 Inc.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
10
000
300
500
    
9
008
309
508

    
    
    
412
701
    
412
701

    
    
    
    
(774
792
(774
792


 2019
10
000
300
500
412
701
(765
784
(52
583

    
    
    
25
000
    
25
000

    
    
    
    
(628
469
(628
469


 2020
10
000
300
500
437
701
(1
394
253
(656
052


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

    
    

S
and S Beverage
 Inc.




    
    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(628
469
    
    
    
(774
792
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
71
656
    
    
    
(81
094
    

    
    
    
14
199
    
    
    
(74
888
    

    
    
    
(26
821
    
    
    
88
338
    

    
    
    
11
915
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(27
886
    
    
    
314
083
    

    
    
    
(584
438
    
    
    
(486
613
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases of property
 plant and equipment
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
548
001
    
    
    
514
752
    

    
    
    
548
001
    
    
    
514
752
    

    
    
    
(36
437
    
    
    
28
139
    

    
    
    
30
075
    
    
    
1
936
    

    
    
    
(6
362
    
    
    
30
075
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
290
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
915
    
    
    
10
597
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

    
    

NOTE
1 &ndash; ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

S
and S Beverage
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 a Wisconsin Corporation
 owns and operates a line of superior lemonade products in
four distinct flavors under the Lemin brand. The Company is primarily focused on product development in the functional beverage sector.

Accounting
Standards Codification subtopic Segment Reporting 280-10 (&#147;ASC 280-10&#148;) establishes standards for reporting information regarding
operating segments in annual financial statements and requires selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial
reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic
areas. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available
for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess
performance. The information disclosed herein materially represents all the financial information related to the Company&#146;s only material
principal operating segment.

The
Company currently sells its products through resellers
 the Company website
 and distributors that span across the United States. The
Company&#146;s products are available in wide variety of stores
 including convenience and grocery stores
 and gift shops.

Effects
of COVID-19

In
January 2020
 the World Health Organization (the &#147;WHO&#148;) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus
(&#147;COVID-19&#148;) that originated in Wuhan
 China and generated significant risks to the international community as the virus
spread globally beyond its point of origin. In March 2020
 the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid
increase in global exposure. The COVID-19 pandemic is disrupting businesses and affecting production and sales across a range of industries
as well as causing volatility in the financial markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company&#146;s consumer
demand
 sales
 and financial performance will depend on certain developments
 including
 among other things
 the duration and spread
of the outbreak and the impact on the Company&#146;s consumers and employees
 all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Management
is actively monitoring this situation and potential impacts on our financial condition
 liquidity
 and results of operations.

NOTE
2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


Basic
                                            of presentation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements are unaudited and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. These unaudited consolidated financial statements have
been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;)
in the United States.


Use
                                            of estimates

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Estimates also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual events and results
could differ from those assumptions and estimates.

    
    


Cash
                                            and cash equivalents

For
the purpose of reporting cash flows
 the Company considers all unrestricted
 highly liquid investments with an initial maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.


Fair
                                            value of financial instruments

The
estimated fair values for financial instruments are determined at discrete points in time based on relevant market information. These
estimates involve uncertainties and cannot be determined with precision. The carrying amounts of accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes
a three-tiered hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value. A fair value hierarchy
has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted price in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarch is as follows:

Leve
1 &ndash; quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level
2 &ndash; inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar
assets or liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or

Level
3 &ndash; unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets
or liabilities.


Accounts
                                            receivable

Accounts
receivable are recorded at net realizable value. The Company determines provisions for uncollectible accounts
 sales returns
 and claims
based upon factors including the credit risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. In the circumstance
that the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&#146;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded
based on an overall assessment of past due accounts receivable outstanding. No bad debt was recorded in the accompanying statement of
income years ending December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance
as deemed necessary. In the opinion of management
 no provision is deemed necessary for sales returns and all accounts were deemed collectible
at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts as of December 31
 20120 and 2019 is
$24
280 and $0
 respectively.




The
Company&#146;s inventories are valued at the lower cost or net realizable value. The Company&#146;s inventories consist almost entirely
of finished goods and freight. We periodically evaluate and adjust inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision
for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and as of the balance sheet dated December
31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 all inventory is current.

    
    


Property
                                            plant and equipment

Property
plant and equipment are reported on the balance sheet at cost less accumulated depreciation. Assets with a useful life greater than one
year and cost greater than $100 are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.

Depreciation
is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the asset as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



Revenue
                                            recognition

The
Company product sales include Lemin branded lemonade drinks. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
we consider several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 our right to payment
 and the legal title of the
products. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors and resellers when products that do not require
further services by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability
is reasonably assured. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers
in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in net sales.
Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.


 and
beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.
In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant
risks and rewards of products
 the Company&rsquo;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue
from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there
are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior
to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts
billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included
in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.

On
January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09
 (&#147;ASC Topic 606&#148;).
The underlying principle of ASC Topic 606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at the amount
expected to be collected. The implementation of Topic ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial statements and no cumulative
effect adjustment was recognized.

To
apply these principles
 Topic 606 outlines a five-step process:


Identify
                                            the contract with a customer.

Identify
                                            the separate performance obligations in the contract.

Determine
                                            the transaction price.

Allocate
                                            the transaction price to the separate performance obligations in the contract.

Recognize
                                            revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation

    
    

Pursuant
to ASC Topic 606
 the Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs
typically upon the transfer of control
 including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed
to occur upon shipment or delivery of products to its customers based on the written contract terms
 which is also when control is transferred.

The
Company evaluated the guidance in ASC 606-10-50-5 and the related implementation guidance to determine disaggregation of revenues that
would be meaningful. The majority of the Company&#146;s revenue earned from its Beverages and is recognized when it satisfies a single
performance obligation by transferring control of its products to a customer. The Company does not have significant financing component
or payment terms
 and it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&#146;s revenues are obtained in
similar geographical locations within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&#146;s operations in each of its reporting segments
are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers
are essentially the same. The sales from the Company&#146;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment
 which the
Company refers to as the Beverages Segment


Cost
                                            of revenue

Cost
of revenues consist primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of products. These include expenses related to
direct procurement costs and shipping and handling costs. The Company bills shipping and handling fees charged to customers as part of
sales and the associated expense as part of cost of revenues. The costs are charged to cost of revenues in the same period that the associated
revenue is earned.


Impairment
                                            of long-lived assets

The
Company evaluates its long-lived assets for financial impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of such assets may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets used in operations by measuring
the carrying amount of the assets against their estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If such evaluations indicated that the future
undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are
adjusted to fair values. Management completed an impairment review as of December 31
 2020 and 2019 and determined long-lived assets
were not impaired.


Income
                                            taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740

 
requirements for uncertainty in tax positions. It requires a two-step approach to evaluate tax positions and determine if they should
be recognized in the financial statements. The two-step approach involves recognizing tax positions that are &#147;more likely than
not&#148; to occur and then measuring those positions to determine if they are recognizable in the financial statements. Management
regularly reviews and analyzes all tax and has determined that no uncertain tax positions requiring recognition have occurred.

The
Company has no recorded liabilities for uncertain tax positions as of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated December 31
2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively.


Advertising
                                            costs

The
Company expenses costs of advertising and promotions as incurred. The Company includes in advertising costs inventory given away as promotional
merchandise or free samples to create sales. Advertising and promotion costs for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 were approximately
$53
597 and $0
 respectively
 which amounts were included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Loss.

    
    


Concentration
                                            of Credit Risk

The
Company maintain cash balances at financial institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
up to $250
000. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the credit worthiness of the financial
institutions and had determined the credit exposure to be negligible.


Basic
                                            and diluted earnings per share

In
accordance with accounting guidance now codifies as FASB ASC 260 
 basic income (loss) per common share is
calculated using the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the periods reported. Diluted earnings per share include the
weighted average effect of all dilutive securities outstanding during the periods presented.

Diluted
per share loss is the same as basic per share loss when there is a loss from continuing operations.




ASC
280-10
 (&#147;ASC 280-10&#148;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments
in annual financial statements and requires selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued
to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating
segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation
by the chief operating decision maker
 or decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance.
The Company identified one operating segment that reports revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales
or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of the Company&#146;s operating segment.


Recently
                                            issued accounting pronouncements

The
Company has evaluated all recently issued accounting pronouncements
 issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies
as of the period ending September 30
 2020. The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
result of operations
 or cash flows from these pronouncements.

NOTE
2 &ndash; INVENTORY

Inventory
consisted of the following:



    





    
234
885
143
686


 Cans and Sleeves
5
912
87
064

    
    
24
246

    
240
797
254
996


    
    

NOTE
3 &ndash; PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property
plant and equipment consisted of the following:



    





    
    
    

    
14
500
29
000

    
(2
311
(15
843


 plant and equipment
 net
12
200
13
168


Amortization
expense for the year ended December 31
 2020 was $968. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 was $968
 and is included in in selling
general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of income.





    
    
    




    
    
Long-term debt consists of one 8% interest per annum note payable for $200
000 from a related party. Payments of $9
045 per month were due beginning October 17
 2018. On June 1
 2020
 an additional $35
000 was received on the same note
 under new terms that the Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. In the accompanying balance sheets dated December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 the balance of the note payable is $113
761 and 78
760
 respectively
 and accrued interest was $11
776 and $0
 respectively.




    
    
Long-term debt consists of one 8% interest per annum note payable for $612
700 from a related party on November 1
 2019. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. On December 31
 2019
 $412
700 has been forgiven in full by the related party. In the accompanying balance sheets dated December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 the balance of the note payable is $200
000
 respectively.




    
    
Long-term debt consists of one 2% interest per annum note payable for $300
000 from a related party on February 1
 2020. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date three (3) days after the sale of substantially all of the assets or equity. In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020
 the balance of the note payable is $300
000
 and accrued interest was $9.953.



    
    


Long-term
debt consists of one 0% interest per annum note payable for $200
000 from a related party on July 31
 2020. Note shall be payable in
one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date three (3) days after the sale of substantially all of the assets
or equity. In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020
 the balance of the note payable is $198
000 and accrued interest
was $0.



Long-term
debt consists of one 8% interest per annum note payable for $25
000 from a related party on April 30
 2020. Note shall be payable in
one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. On November 30
 2020
 this debt was forgiven.
In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020
 there is no balance due.


The
future maturities are as follows:




 2021 &ndash; December 31
 2022
    


 2023
798
261

    
798
261







000 shares
of common stock with a par value of $30.50
 of which 10
000 were issued and outstanding as of the year ended December 31
 2020
 and year
ended December 31
 2019
 respectively.




December 31
 2020
 and for the year ended December 31
 2019
 respectively.

NOTE
6 &ndash; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Liabilities
for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines
 penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.

NOTE
7 &ndash; GOING CONCERN

The
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Financial
Statements
 during the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company incurred a net loss of $628
469
 used cash in operations of $584
438
and had a stockholders&#146; deficit of $656
052 as of December 31
 2020. In the year ending December 31
 2019
 the Company incurred
a net loss of $774
792
 used cash in operations of $486
613 and had a stockholders&#146; deficit of $52
583 as of December 31
 2019.

    
    

The
Company attributes this loss to an increase in general and administrative expenses
 primarily wages and salaries
 which are essential
and integral to our success; sales and marketing; and professional fees. In addition
 the Company was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
at the end of the third quarter. The COVID-19 delayed the distribution of products during most of the first three quarters of 2020 &ndash;
drink line broadening items. We expect that revenue will remain consistent in the last quarter of fiscal 2020 with the third quarter
as distribution related to our current distributors affected by COVID-19 that have resumed distribution
 will continue to see impacts
from the COVID-19 pandemic.

As
a result
 the Company&#146;s continuation as a going concern is dependent on the ability to obtain additional financing until we can
generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet our obligations. We intend to continue to seek additional debt or equity financing
to continue our operations. In addition
 we seek to be acquired and enter into an acquisition agreement. There is no assurance that we
will ever be profitable or that debt or equity financing will be available to us in the amounts
 on terms
 and at times deemed acceptable
to us
 if at all. Obtaining commercial loans
 assuming those loans would be available
 would increase our liabilities and future cash
commitments. If we are unable to obtain financing or be acquired in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us
 we may be unable
to continue our business
 as planned
 and as a result may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business
 the result
of which would be that our stockholders would lose some or all of their investment. The accompanying Financial Statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

NOTE
8 &ndash; CONCENTRATIONS

The
Company has certain customers whose revenue individually represented 10% or more of the Company&#146;s total revenue
 or outstanding
accounts receivable individually represented 10% or more of the Company&#146;s total outstanding accounts receivable
 as follows:

For
the year ended December 31
 2020
 three customers individually represented 77%
 or approximately $255
300 of the Company&#146;s total
revenue
 and four customers accounted for 100%
 or $33
718
 of the outstanding accounts receivable
 and the Company has recorded an allowance
for uncollectible accounts of $24
280. The net accounts receivable for the year ending December 31
 2020 is $9
438 in the accompanying
balance sheet. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 two customers individually represented 33%
 or approximately $272
000 of the Company&#146;s
total revenue
 and six customers accounted for 78%
 or $41
669
 of the outstanding accounts receivable in the accompanying balance sheet.

The
Company had certain vendors that individually represented 10% or more of the Company&#146;s inventory purchases
 as follows:

For
the year ended December 31
 2020 balance sheet
 the Company purchased 100% of the Company&#146;s inventory from three vendors
 of which
$4
365 amount was due to these vendors. For the year ended December 31
 2019 balance sheet
 the Company purchased 89% of the Company&#146;s
inventory from three vendors
 of which $36
313 amount was due to these vendors.

    
    

NOTE
9 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


evaluated subsequent events through March 29
 2021
 the date which the December 31
 2020 Financial Statements were issued
 and has determined
the following events have occurred that would warrant additional disclosure:


In
December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China. In January 2020
 the WHO declared the COVID-19
outbreak a &#147;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&#148; This worldwide outbreak has resulted in the implementation
of significant governmental measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 quarantines
 and travel bans intended to control the spread of the
virus. Companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing travel restrictions
 and temporarily
closing businesses and facilities. These restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation measures
 have had an adverse impact on global
economic conditions and are likely to have an adverse impact on consumer confidence and spending
 which could materially adversely affect
the supply of
 as well as the demand for
 the Company&#146;s products. Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of COVID-19 are likely
to result in sustained market turmoil
 which could also negatively impact the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and cash
flow.


The
extent of the effect of COVID-19 on the Company&#146;s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including
the duration
 spread
 and intensity of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving
landscape. As a result
 it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&#146;s business. However
if the pandemic continues for a prolonged period
 it could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 results of
operations
 financial condition



The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will further impact the Company&#146;s business will depend on future developments and
 given
the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation and around the imposition or relaxation of
protective measures
 the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact to its business at this time.


On
January 21
 2021
 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &#147;Merger Agreement&#148;) with Kona Gold Beverage
Inc. (&#147;Kona Gold&#148;)
 pursuant to which it acquired all of the capital stock of the Company. The parties to the Merger Agreement
are (i) Kona Gold
 (ii) KGS Temporary Company
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kona Gold (&#147;Acquisition Subsidiary&#148;)
 (iii)
the Company
 (iv) William J. Stineman and K&amp;L Beverage
 LLC (as the indemnifying parties on behalf of the Company&#146;s shareholders)
and (v) Mr. Stineman (as representative of the Company&#146;s shareholders). As a result of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement
 the Company merged with and into the Acquisition Subsidiary. The Company was the surviving entity and became Kona Gold&#146;s

 warranties
covenants
 and agreements of the parties
 including certain indemnification rights in favor of Kona Gold that are customary for a transaction

 LLC
 agreed to guarantee its indemnification
obligations. To consummate the Acquisition
 a Certificate of Merger was filed with the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions
(the &#147;Merger Certificate&#148;) on February 1
 2021.


In
consideration of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
 Kona Gold issued to the Company&#146;s shareholders an aggregate
of nine million restricted shares of its common stock (the &#147;Acquisition Stock&#148;) on a pro rata basis. Kona Gold did not grant
any registration rights in respect of the shares of Acquisition Stock. Kona Gold also agreed to pay an aggregate of $1
050
000 (the &#147;Aggregate
Acquisition Payments&#148;)
 the majority of which is allocated to certain of the Company&#146;s creditors (including one of the Company&#146;s
legacy shareholders) and approximately $89
000 of which (the &#147;Remaining Acquisition Payments&#148;) is allocated to the Company&#146;s
shareholders on a pro rata basis. $400
000 of the Aggregate Acquisition Payments were paid by February 11
 2021. The balance of the Aggregate
Acquisition Payments
 including the Remaining Acquisition Payments
 are scheduled to be paid in monthly installments
 in arrears on the
tenth calendar day of each month
 commencing on March 10
 2021
 at a rate equivalent to $2.00 per case of Lemin Superior Lemonade that
Kona Gold and the Company sells until the Aggregate Acquisition Payments have been paid in full. In addition to the Aggregate Acquisition
Payments
 Kona Gold assumed and agreed to pay certain other liabilities of the Company as set forth in the Merger Agreement.

    
    

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
 as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

We
carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the year ended December 31
 2018. Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31
 2018.

Management&#146;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
 including policies and procedures
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our management assessed our
internal control over financial reporting using the criteria in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&#147;COSO&#148;). Our system of internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent
limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.

Based
on our evaluation under the framework in COSO
 our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were
ineffective as of December 31
 2018 based on such criteria. Deficiencies then existed in the design or operation of our internal
controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may then have been considered to be material
weaknesses. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management then considered to have been material weaknesses
were:


inadequate
segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and



insufficient
staffing resources resulting in financial statement closing process.


The
weaknesses and the related risks were not uncommon in a company of our size because of the limitations in the size and number
of staff. To address these material weaknesses
 our Chief Financial Officer performed additional analyses and other procedures
including the retention of qualified accounting professionals and the employment of a Controller in September 2018 to assist with
the preparation of our financial statements
 to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present
 in all material
respects
 our financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows for the periods presented. Accordingly
 we believe that
the financial statements included in this report fairly present
 in all material respects
 our financial condition
 results of
operations
 and cash flows for the periods presented. As of December 31
 2020
 our management concluded that our internal controls
over financial reporting
 as of December 31
 2020
 were no longer ineffective based on the above-referenced criteria.

By
virtue of our receipt of additional financing during our 2020 fiscal year
 we undertook remediation measures to address the above-described
two-year old material weaknesses described in this Annual Report. Such remediation activities included the following:


we
updated the documentation of our internal control processes
 including formal risk assessment of our financial reporting processes;
and



we
implemented procedures pursuant to which we can now ensure segregation of duties and hired additional resources to ensure appropriate
review and oversight.


    
    

Notwithstanding
the changes to our system of internal controls during the preceding two fiscal years
 as described herein
 a control system
 no
matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met under all potential conditions
 regardless of how remote
 and may not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Auditor&#146;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management&#146;s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management&#146;s report in this Annual Report.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the year ended December 31
 2020 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our
internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION



PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors
and Executive Officers

All
directors hold office for a one (1) year period and have been duly elected and qualified. Directors are elected at the annual
meetings to serve for one-year terms or until his or her successor has been elected and qualified
 or until his or her death
resignation
 or removal. Each of our executive officers are appointed by and serves at the discretion of the Board.

Our
directors and executive officers
 their ages
 positions held
 and duration of such are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Date
    First Elected or
 Appointed

Robert
    Clark
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 President
 Chairman of our Board
 and Secretary
    
August
    12
 2015

Lori
    Radcliffe
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
October
    7
 2019

Christopher
    Selinger
    
    
    
Vice
    President of Sales
    
September
    1
 2018

William
    Jeffrey Outlaw
    
    
    
Independent
    Director
    
September
    9
 2019

Matthew
    Crystal
    
    
    
Independent
    Director
    
July
    26
 2018


Business
Experience

The
following is a brief overview of the business experience of each of our directors and executive officers during at least the past
five years
 including their principal occupations or employment during the period
 the name and principal business of the organization
by which they were employed
 and certain of their other directorships:

Robert
Clark

 President
 Chairman of our Board
 and Secretary

Robert
Clark has served as our Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and the Secretary and the Chairman of the Board since August 2015.
Since August 2015
 Mr. Clark also serves as an Audit
 Compensation
 and Governance and Nominating Committee member. Prior to joining
us
 Mr. Clark was the President of Branded Legacy (formerly known as Elev8 Brands
 Inc.) from 2012 through 2015. Mr. Clark obtained
a Bachelor of Science degree from the School of Business at the University of Central Florida in 2003. We believe that Mr. Clark&#146;s
background in product development and design
 along with more than 12 years of management experience
 allows him to have a great
understanding of all levels within a company and successfully bring new products to market qualifies him to serve on our Board.

    
    

Lori
Radcliffe
 

Lori
Radcliffe has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 2019. Ms. Radcliffe has worked in the accounting field since
2007
 most recently as a Senior Accountant at Berman Hopkins Wright &amp; Laham
 CPA&#146;s and Associates from 2015 through
2019. Ms. Radcliffe obtained her Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Accounting from the University of Central Florida
in 2016 and her MS in Accounting from Liberty University in 2019.

Christopher
Selinger
 

Christopher
Selinger has served as our Vice President of Sales since September 2018. Prior to joining us
 Mr. Selinger served as the Southeast
Operations Manager of Southeast Beverage Company from 2015 to 2017 and as the Southeast Regional Sales Manager at Calypso Brands
(King Juice Company
 Inc.) from 2009 to 2015. Mr. Selinger obtained his Associate of Science degree in 1991 from Midland Technical
College. We believe that Mr. Selinger&#146;s background in growing Calypso Brands into a national brand gives him a great understanding
of all levels within a company such as ours and the methods successfully to bring new products to market.

Matthew
Crystal
 

Matthew
Crystal has served as one of our independent directors since July 26
 2018. Mr. Crystal is also a member of our Audit Committee
Compensation Committee
 and Governance and Nominating Committee. He has over 20 years of experience in direct response marketing
copywriting
 and web development and specializes in technical training
 marketing
 presenting
 and architectural marketing. Mr.
Crystal is the co-founder
 and since 2014
 has been the Vice President of Operations and is currently the Chief Operations Officer
of Elite Marketing Pro
 LLC
 a global community of over 50
000 active small business entrepreneurs in more than 100 countries.
Mr. Crystal graduated from Florida State University in 1994 with a Bachelor of Science degree. We believe that Mr. Crystal&#146;s
leadership and marketing experience qualifies him to serve as a director.

William
Jeffrey Outlaw
 

William
Jeffrey Outlaw has served as an independent director of our Board since September 9
 2019. Mr. Outlaw also serves as a member
of our Audit Committee Compensation Committee
 and Governance and Nominating Committee. He has served as President of Calypso
Brands at King Juice Company
 Inc. since 2013. Mr. Outlaw has over 26 years of experience in the beverage industry
 including
both on the supplier and the distributor sides of the business
 specializing in direct store delivery strategy routes to market.
His experience includes financial marketing
 sales experience in 35 countries and the United States
 business development
 and
product development. His prior executive experience includes serving as general manager
 executive vice president
 and chief executive
officer at Calypso Brands brings significant experience in the beverage industry
 which qualifies him to serve as a director.

Director
Qualifications

We
believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values
 consistent with our longstanding
values and standards. They should be committed to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their
duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience. Their service on other boards of public companies should
be limited to a number that permits them
 given their individual circumstances
 to perform responsibly all director duties for
us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential director candidates
 our Board
also considers the candidate&#146;s character
 judgement
 diversity
 age
 and skills
 including business literacy and experience
in the context of our needs and the needs of our Board.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

None
of our director and executive officers has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years:&nbsp;



    
    
any
    petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws filed by or against
 or an appointment of a receiver
    fiscal agent
 or similar officer by a court for the business or property of such person
 or any partnership in which such
    person was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing
 or any corporation or business association
    of which such person was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;




    
    
any
    conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offenses);




    
    
being
    subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended
 or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
    permanently or temporarily enjoining such person from
 or otherwise limiting
 the following activities: (i) acting as a futures
    commission merchant
 introducing broker
 commodity trading advisor
 commodity pool operator
 floor broker
 leverage transaction
    merchant
 any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
 or an associated person of any of the foregoing
    or as an investment adviser
 underwriter
 broker or dealer in securities
 or as an affiliated person
 director or employee
    of any investment company
 bank
 savings and loan association
 or insurance company
 or engaging in or continuing any conduct
    or practice in connection with such activity; engaging in any type of business practice; or (ii) engaging in any activity
    in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state
    securities laws or federal commodities laws;




    
    
being
    the subject of any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended
 or vacated
 of any federal or state authority
    barring
 suspending
 or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described
    in paragraph (c)(i) above
 or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;




    
    
being
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC to have violated a federal or state securities or
    commodities law
 and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;




    
    
being
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
    any federal commodities law
 and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
    has not been subsequently reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;


    
    



    
    
being
    the subject of
 or a party to
 any federal or state judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
 not subsequently
    reversed
 suspended
 or vacated
 relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law
    or regulation; or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited
    to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent
    cease- and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or
    fraud in connection with any business entity; or




    
    
being
    the subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory
    organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act)
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
    the Commodity Exchange Act)
 or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
    over its members or persons associated with a member.


Family
Relationships and Other Arrangements

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers.

None
of our directors or executive officers was selected to serve in their respective roles pursuant to any arrangement or understanding
between such director or executive officer and any person.

Committees
of our Board

We
have an Audit Committee
 a Compensation Committee
 and a Governance and Nominating Committee. Currently
 we have two independent
directors
 Matthew Crystal and William Jeffrey Outlaw
 each of whom meets the independent director requirements of The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC and the SEC. Both independent directors serve on the Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
 and Governance
and Nominating Committee. Robert Clark
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman of our Board
 serves on the Audit
Compensation
 and Governance and Nominating Committees. Each committee has the responsibilities described below. During our fiscal
year ended December 31
 2020
 our Board acted by unanimous written consent six times
 but did not have any formal Board meetings.

Audit
Committee

On
July 8
 2020
 our Board adopted an audit committee charter (the &#147;Audit Committee Charter&#148;) to govern the Audit Committee.
Currently
 Messrs. Crystal
 Outlaw
 and Clark (Chairman) serve on the Audit Committee. As of the date of this Annual Report
 none
of the members qualifies as an &#147;audit committee financial expert.&#148; During our fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
our Audit Committee did not formally meet.

The
Audit Committee Charter requires that each member of the Audit Committee meet the independence requirements of The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC and the SEC and requires that the Audit Committee have at least one member that qualifies as an &#147;audit committee
financial expert.&#148; We intend to identify potential new directors that can serve as Audit Committee members and satisfy these
requirements. In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of the Audit Committee in the Audit Committee Charter
 the primary
function of the Audit Committee is to assist our Board in its general oversight of our accounting and financial reporting processes
audits of our financial statements
 and internal control and audit functions. The Audit Committee Charter can be found online
at https://konagoldhemp.com/media/pubco/Kona-Gold-Solutions-Audit-Committee-Charter.pdf.

Compensation
Committee

On
July 8
 2020
 our Board approved and adopted a charter (the &#147;Compensation Committee Charter&#148;) to govern the Compensation
Committee. Currently
 Messrs. Crystal
 Outlaw
 and Clark (Chairman) serve as members of the Compensation Committee. Messrs. Crystal
and Outlaw each meet the independence requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the SEC
 qualify as a &#147;non-employee
director&#148; within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act
 and qualify as an outside director within the meaning
of Section 162(m) of the Code. In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of the Compensation Committee in the Compensation
Committee Charter
 the primary function of the Compensation Committee is to oversee the compensation of our executives
 produce
an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy statement
 if and when required by applicable laws or regulations
and advise our Board on the adoption of policies that govern our compensation programs. The Compensation Committee Charter may
. During our fiscal
year ended December 31
 2020
 our Compensation Committee did not formally meet.

Governance
and Nominating Committee

On
July 8
 2020
 our Board approved and adopted a charter (the &#147;Nominating Committee Charter&#148;) to govern the Governance
and Nominating Committee (the &#147;Nominating Committee&#148;). Currently
 Messrs. Crystal
 Outlaw
 and Clark (Chairman) serve
as members of the Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee Charter requires that each member of the Nominating Committee
meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC; however
 currently only Messrs. Crystal and Outlaw qualify as independent.
In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of the Nominating Committee in the Nominating Committee Charter
 the primary function
of the Nominating Committee is to determine the slate of director nominees for election to the board of directors
 to identify
and recommend candidates to fill vacancies occurring between annual stockholder meetings
 to review our policies and programs
that relate to matters of corporate responsibility
 including public issues of significance to us and our stockholders
 and any
.
During our fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 our Governance and Nominating Committee did not formally meet.

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None
of our executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other committee performing
equivalent functions) of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee.

    
    

Code
of Ethics

On
July 8
 2020
 our Board approved and adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for Directors
 Senior Officers
 and Employees
(the &#147;Code of Ethics&#148;) that applies to all of our directors
 officers
 and employees
 including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer. The Code of Ethics addresses such individuals&#146; conduct with respect to
 among other
things
 conflicts of interests; compliance with applicable laws
 rules
 and regulations; full
 fair
 accurate
 timely
 and understandable
disclosure by us; competition and fair dealing; corporate opportunities; confidentiality; protection and proper use of our assets;
and reporting suspected illegal or unethical behavior. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at https://konagoldhemp.com/media/pubco/Kona-Gold-Solutions-Code-of-Ethics-and-Business-Conduct.pdf.

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following table provides certain summary information concerning compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the following &#147;named
executive officers
&#148; for our 2020 and 2019 fiscal years:



    
    
all
    individuals serving as our principal executive officer during our 2020 fiscal year;




    
    
each
    of our two other most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of our 2020
    fiscal year.


We
did not have any individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving
as an executive officer as of the end of our 2020 fiscal year.



    
Position
    
    
    
    
Awards
    
Awards
    
Compensation
    

Robert Clark

 President

    
350
000
    
    
    
    
350
000


 and Secretary (1)
    
350
000
    
    
    
    
350
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 CFO (2)
    
85
000
    
    
    
    
85
000

    
    
18
222
    
    
    
    
18
222

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 VP Sales
    
88
000
    
    
    
    
88
000

    
    
67
833
    
    
    
    
67
833




    
Appointed
    Chairman of our Board on August 12
 2016. Appointed Chief Executive Officer on August 12
 2015.




    
Appointed
    Chief Financial Officer on October 7
 2019.




    
Mr.
    Clark elected to forgo payment of $320
000 of his $350
000 base salary for the year ended December 31
 2019; thus
 for that
    fiscal year
 we paid him $30
000 in base salary. Mr. Clark elected to forgo payment of $257
500 of his $350
000 base salary
    for the year ended December 31
 2020; thus
 for that fiscal year
 we paid him $92
500 in base salary.


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

We
did not have any option awards or stock awards outstanding as of December 31
 2020.

Retirement
or Similar Benefit Plans

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide retirement or similar benefits for our directors or executive officers.

Resignation
Retirement
 Other Termination
 or Change in Control Arrangements

We
have entered into an executive employment agreement with our Chief Executive Office
 with our Chief Financial Officer
 and with
our Vice President of Sales. Other than these three agreements
 each of which are discussed below
 we have no contract
 agreement
plan
 or arrangement
 whether written or unwritten
 that provides for payments to our directors or executive officers at
 following
or in connection with the resignation
 retirement
 or other termination of our directors or executive officers
 or a change in
control of our Company or a change in our directors&#146; or executive officers&#146; responsibilities following a change in
control.

    
    

Robert
Clark

On
August 12
 2015
 we entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#147;Clark Employment Agreement&#148;) with Robert Clark as our
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Secretary
 and Chairman of our Board. On December 1
 2016
 we entered into an Amendment
to Employment Agreement (the &#147;Clark Amendment&#148;; and
 together with the Clark Employment Agreement
 the &#147;Amended
Clark Employment Agreement&#148;). The term of the Amended Clark Employment Agreement expired on July 12
 2020 and automatically
renews for subsequent six-month terms unless terminated with cause by us. Pursuant the Amended Clark Employment Agreement
 Mr.
Clark is entitled to receive compensation equal to $350
000 per year for services provided to us. In addition
 pursuant to the
terms of the Amended Clark Employment Agreement
 we agreed to issue 2
700
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (our &#147;Series
A Preferred Stock&#148;)
 650
000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock
 500
000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock
 and
200
000
000 shares of our Common Stock. Immediately
 Mr. Clark decided to defer receipt of 80
000
000 shares of our Common Stock;
thus
 leaving 120
000
000 shares of our Common Stock to be issued to him. The 120
000
000 shares of our Common Stock were issued
to Mr. Clark as follows: (i) on October 28
 2015
 we issued 30
000
000 of such shares; (ii) on March 2
 2016
 we issued 40
000
000
of such shares; and (iii) on May 16
 2016
 we issued 50
000
000 of such shares. Mr. Clark later sold an aggregate of 12
900
000
of those shares and returned to us an aggregate of 90
000
000 of those shares
 which resulted in (i) Mr. Clark remaining the record
and beneficial owner of 17
100
000 of those shares of our Common Stock and (ii) subject to the July 2020 issuance to Mr. Clark
of 140 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock (see below)
 our accruing and owing Mr. Clark an aggregate of 170
000
000 of those
shares to be reissued to him upon his request pursuant to the terms of our oral agreement with him. In July 2020
 we issued to
Mr. Clark 140 shares of Series C Preferred Stock
 which are convertible into 140 shares of our Common Stock; thus
 we have accrued
and still owe Mr. Clark 169
999
860 shares of our Common Stock. Mr. Clark declined his base salary compensation for our 2015
2016
 2017
 and 2018 fiscal years and declined all but $30
000 of his compensation for our 2019 fiscal year. None of such compensation
has been accrued.

In
connection with the Amended Clark Employment Agreement
 we also issued Mr. Clark 650
000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock
on December 6
 2017. In April 2019
 Mr. Clark returned the 650
000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock and these shares were
accrued to be issued to Mr. Clark at a later date.

Lori
Radcliffe

On
October 7
 2019
 we entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#147;Radcliffe Employment Agreement&#148;) with Lori Radcliffe
as our Chief Financial Officer. The term of the Radcliffe Employment Agreement is two years and automatically renews for subsequent
one-year terms unless terminated with cause by us. Pursuant to the Radcliffe Employment Agreement
 Ms. Radcliffe is entitled to
receive annual compensation of $80
000 for the first year and $100
000 for the second year for services provided to us. In addition
on January 27
 2020
 we issued to Ms. Radcliffe 5
000
000 restricted shares of our Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Radcliffe
Employment Agreement.

Christopher
Selinger

On
September 1
 2018
 we entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#147;Selinger Employment Agreement&#148;) with Christopher
Selinger
 as our Vice President of Sales. The term of the Selinger Employment Agreement is two years and automatically renews
for subsequent one-year terms unless terminated with cause by us. Pursuant to the Selinger Employment Agreement
 Mr. Selinger
is entitled to receive annual compensation of $65
000 with an increase to annual compensation of $72
000 after six months of employment.
We also agreed to pay $1 commission per case of certain of our beverage drinks during the term of the Selinger Employment Agreement;
however
 effective January 1
 2019
 we amended the Selinger Employment Agreement (the &#147;Selinger Amendment&#148;) to no
longer pay this commission. In addition
 on September 7
 2018
 we issued to Mr. Selinger 10
000
000 shares of our Common Stock
pursuant to the terms of the Selinger Employment Agreement.

    
    

Director
Summary Compensation Table

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 we did not pay or accrue any fees to our two non-employee directors
 nor did we grant
to either of them any stock awards
 option awards
 non-equity incentive plan compensation
 nonqualified deferred compensation
or any other compensation. Robert Clark
 our Chairman
 did not receive any compensation for his services as a director. The compensation
received by Mr. Clark as an employee is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table above.

Narrative
Discussion on Director Compensation

We
have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Our directors are entitled
to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of
our Board. Our Board may award special renumeration to any director understanding any special services on their behalf other than
services ordinarily required of a director.

William
Jeffrey Outlaw

On
September 8
 2019
 we entered into an offer letter with William Jeffrey Outlaw as one of our Independent Directors (the &#147;Outlaw
Agreement&#148;). In consideration for Mr. Outlaw&#146;s services
 we issued 10
000
000 restricted shares of our Common Stock
to him. Mr. Outlaw will serve as a director until the date upon which he is not re-elected or his earlier removal or resignation.

Equity
Incentive Plan

Currently
we have not adopted any equity incentive plan.

Golden
Parachute Compensation

For
a description of the terms of any agreement or understanding
 whether written or unwritten
 between any officer or director and
us concerning any type of compensation
 whether present
 deferred
 or contingent
 that will be based on or otherwise will relate
to an acquisition
 merger
 consolidation
 sale
 or other type of disposition of all or substantially all assets of our Company
see the disclosures including in this &#147;Executive and Director Compensation&#148; section.

Risk
Assessment in Compensation Programs

During
our 2020 and 2019 fiscal years
 we paid limited compensation to our employees
 including executive and non-executive officers.
Due to the size and scope of our business
 and the amount of compensation
 we did not have any employee compensation policies
and programs to determine whether our policies and programs create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on us.

Resignation
Retirement
 Other Termination
 or Change in Control Arrangements

We
have no contract
 agreement
 plan
 or arrangement
 whether written or unwritten
 that provides for payments to our directors or
executive officers at
 following
 or in connection with the resignation
 retirement
 or other termination of our directors or
executive officers
 or a change in control of our company or a change in our directors&#146; or executive officers&#146; responsibilities
following a change in control.

    
    

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Common
Stock

The
following sets forth certain information
 as of April 12
 2021
 regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by (i)
each of our directors
 (ii) each of our named executive officers
 (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group
 and (iv)
each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 owns more than five percent of our Common Stock. The information reflects beneficial
ownership
 as determined in accordance with the SEC&#146;s rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
to our Common Stock
 and is based on 825
726
839 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2021. Unless
otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
 each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power
and the address for each person is 746 North Drive
 Suite A
 Melbourne
 Florida 32934.



    
    
    
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership (1)
    
    
    
Owned
    

Robert Clark
 
CEO
    
    
687
750
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lori Radcliffe
 
CFO
    
    
5
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher Selinger
 
VP of Sales
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

William Jeffrey Outlaw
 
Independent Director
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Matthew Crystal
 
Independent Director
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
713
250
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

YAII PN
 Ltd. (4&nbsp;)
    
    
242
231
839
    
    
    
    
    




    
Represents
    less than one percent.


As
of April 12
 2021
 there were
 to our knowledge
 no persons are beneficial owners of greater than five percent of our Common Stock.



    
Securities
    convertible into shares of our Common Stock
 currently or within 60 days
 are deemed to be outstanding shares of our Common
    Stock for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such convertible securities
 but are not deemed
    outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.




    
Includes
                                         17
100
000 shares of our Common Stock held. Also includes: (i) 650
000 shares of our
                                         Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 650
000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock
                                         that are accrued
 but not currently issued to Mr. Clark
 (ii) 140 shares of our Common
                                         Stock issuable upon conversion of 140 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock; (iii) 500
000
000
                                         shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 500
000 shares of Series D Preferred
                                         Stock; and (iv) 169
999
860 shares of our Common Stock that are accrued and owing to
                                         Mr. Clark but which shares are not currently issued and outstanding.
        
Pursuant
        to the Amended Clark Employment Agreement
 we agreed to issue 2
700
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock
 650
000
        shares of our Series B Preferred Stock
 500
000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock
 and 200
000
000 shares of our
        Common Stock. Immediately
 Mr. Clark decided to defer receipt of 80
000
000 shares of our Common Stock; thus
 leaving
        120
000
000 shares of our Common Stock to be issued to him. The 120
000
000 shares of our Common Stock were issued to
        Mr. Clark as follows: (i) on October 28
 2015
 we issued 30
000
000 of such shares; (ii) on March 2
 2016
 we issued 40
000
000
        of such shares; and (iii) on May 16
 2016
 we issued 50
000
000 of such shares. Mr. Clark later sold an aggregate of 12
900
000
        of those shares and returned to us an aggregate of 90
000
000 of those shares
 which resulted in (i) Mr. Clark remaining
        the record and beneficial owner of 17
100
000 of those shares of our Common Stock and (ii) subject to the July 2020 issuance
        to Mr. Clark of 140 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock (see below)
 our accruing and owing Mr. Clark an aggregate
        of 170
000
000 of those shares to be reissued to him upon his request pursuant to the terms of our oral agreement with
        him. In July 2020
 we issued to Mr. Clark 140 shares of Series C Preferred Stock
 which are convertible into 140 shares
        of our Common Stock; thus
 we have accrued and still owe Mr. Clark 169
999
860 shares of our Common Stock.
        
In
        connection with the Amended Clark Employment Agreement
 we also issued Mr. Clark 650
000 shares of our Series B Preferred
        Stock on December 6
 2017. In April 2019
 Mr. Clark returned the 650
000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock and these
        shares were accrued to be issued to Mr. Clark at a later date.
        
There
        is no written agreement between Mr. Clark and us regarding the terms of the deferment and/or accrual of these securities.
        However
 we orally agreed to issue these deferred and/or accrued securities at such time as Mr. Clark requests such securities
        to be issued. Thus
 the shares of our Common Stock owed to Mr. Clark could be issued within 60 days of the date of the
        annual report.
        




    
Includes
    all of the shares beneficially owned by our executive officers and directors.


    
    



    
YAII
    PN
 Ltd. is a Cayman Island exempt company. YAII PN
 Ltd. is managed by Yorkville Advisors Global
 LP. Investment decisions
    for Yorkville Advisors Global
 LP are made by Mark Angelo
 its portfolio manager. The address of such holder is 1012 Springfield
    Avenue
 Mountainside
 NJ 07092.

    
    

    
Includes
    (i) 87
273
161 shares of our Common Stock
 which constitutes the remaining shares of our common stock underlying the May 2020
    Debentures and the May 2020 Warrant Shares from the initial aggregate of 125
947
397 shares of our Common Stock
 and (ii)
    154
958
678 shares of our Common Stock
 which constitutes the 104
958
678 shares of our common stock underlying the February
    2021 Debentures and the 50
000
000 February 2021 Warrant Shares. Notwithstanding the number of shares of Common Stock and
    the percentage ownership thereof disclosed in this table
 each of the debentures and the Warrants are subject to a &#147;conversion
    blocker&#148; and an &#147;exercise blocker
&#148; respectively
 such that YAII PN
 Ltd. cannot (i) convert any portion
    of any of the debentures into shares of our Common Stock and (ii) exercise any portion of the warrants into May 2020 Warrant
    Shares or February 2021 Warrant Shares
 if such action would result in YAII PN
 Ltd. and its affiliates holding more than
    4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock following such conversion or exercise
 as applicable.


Series
B Preferred Stock

The
following sets forth certain information
 as of April 12
 2021
 regarding the beneficial ownership of our Series B Preferred Stock
by (i) each of our directors
 (ii) each of our named executive officers
 (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group
and (iv) each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 owns more than five percent of our Series B Preferred Stock. The information
reflects beneficial ownership
 as determined in accordance with the SEC&#146;s rules and are based on 488
000 shares of our Series
B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2021. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and the address for each person is 746 North Drive
 Suite
A
 Melbourne
 Florida 32934.



    
    
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership
    
Beneficially Owned


 
CEO
650
000
    

    
    
    


 
CFO
    
    

    
    
    


 
VP of Sales
    
    

    
    
    


 
Independent Director
    
    

    
    
    


 
Independent Director
    
    

    
    
    

    
650
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
66
000
    

    
    
    

    
25
000
    

    
    
    

    
80
000
    

    
    
    

    
150
000
    

    
    
    

    
150
000
    




    
These
    shares of Series B Preferred Stock were previously issued to Mr. Clark. However
 Mr. Clark returned them to us with the understanding
    that the shares would be re-issued to him in the future; thus
 the shares of Series B Preferred Stock may be issued to Mr.
    Clark within 60 days of the date of this annual report. See footnote (2) to the table above for our Common Stock for additional
    information.

    
Mr.
    Bauer&#146;s address is 7837 Penswood Street
 Charlotte
 North Carolina 28277.

    
Mr.
    Bolin&#146;s address is 1971 NE 7th Street
 Ocala
 Florida 34470.

    
Mr.
    Eagan&#146;s address is 7837 Penswood Street
 Charlotte
 North Carolina 28277.

    
Mr.
    Landers&#146; address is 390 North Wickham Road
 Suite F
 Melbourne
 Florida 32935.

    
Ms.
    Wilt&#146;s address is 390 North Wickham Road
 Suite F
 Melbourne
 Florida 32935.


Series
C Preferred Stock

The
following sets forth certain information
 as of April 12
 2021
 regarding the beneficial ownership of our Series C Preferred Stock
by (i) each of our directors
 (ii) each of our named executive officers
 (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group
and (iv) each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 owns more than five percent of our Series C Preferred Stock. The information
reflects beneficial ownership
 as determined in accordance with the SEC&#146;s rules and are based on 140 shares of our Series
C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2021. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and the address for each person is 746 North Drive
 Suite
A
 Melbourne
 Florida 32934.

    
    



    
    
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership
    
Beneficially Owned


 
CEO
    
    

    
    
    


 
CFO
    
    

    
    
    


 
VP of Sales
    
    

    
    
    


 
Independent Director
    
    

    
    
    


 
Independent Director
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Series
D Preferred Stock

The
following sets forth certain information
 as of April 12
 2021
 regarding the beneficial ownership of our Series D Preferred Stock
by (i) each of our directors
 (ii) each of our named executive officers
 (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group
and (iv) each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 owns more than five percent of our Series D Preferred Stock. The information
reflects beneficial ownership
 as determined in accordance with the SEC&#146;s rules and are based on 500
000 shares of our Series
D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2021. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and the address for each person is 746 North Drive
 Suite
A
 Melbourne
 Florida 32934.



    
    
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership
    
Beneficially Owned

Robert
Clark
 

500
000
    

    
    
    

Lori Radcliffe
 
CFO
    
    

    
    
    

Christopher Selinger

VP of Sales
    
    

    
    
    

William Jeffrey Outlaw


    
    

    
    
    

Matthew Crystal
 

Director
    
    

    
    
    

    
500
000
    


Change
in Control

We
do not know of any arrangements that may
 at a subsequent date
 result in a change in control.&nbsp;

ITEM
13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE



Related
Party Transactions

We
follow ASC 850


When and if we contemplate entering into a transaction in which any executive officer
 director
 nominee
 or any family member
of the foregoing would have a direct or indirect interest
 regardless of the amount involved
 the terms of such transaction are
to be presented to our full Board (other than any interested director) for approval
 and documented in the Board minutes.

Other
than as disclosed below
 we have had no related party transactions during the past two fiscal years.

    
    

Equity
Issuances

Pursuant
to the terms of an employment agreement between Chad Webb and us
 on January 16
 2019
 we issued to Mr. Webb 5
000
000 shares
of our Common Stock as payment for compensation in the amount of $277
000 owed for services provided. The shares had a per-share
fair market value of $0.0554
 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Outlaw Agreement
 on July 30
 2019
 we issued 10
000
000 shares of our Common Stock to William Jeffrey Outlaw
as payment for his services as one of our independent directors. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was
$0.111
 or a total fair market value of $1
110
000
 based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on
the date of issuance.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Radcliffe Employment Agreement
 on January 27
 2020
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of our Common Stock to Lori
Radcliffe. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value of the shares was $0.0637 based on the closing price of our
Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance or an aggregate fair market value of $318
500.

Pursuant
to the terms of an Employment Agreement dated October 1
 2019 with Paul O&#146;Renick
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of our Common
Stock to him on April 3
 2020
 in exchange for compensation owed in the amount of $157
500 for services provided. At the date
of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.0315 based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by the OTCM
on the date of issuance.

On
July 10
 2020
 we issued 2
700
000 shares of our Common Stock upon the conversion of 2
700
000 shares of our Series A Preferred
Stock to Robert Clark
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and the Chairman of our Board. The shares of our Series A Preferred
Stock were originally issued to Mr. Clark pursuant to the Amended Clark Employment Agreement as compensation on December 27
 2017.
The shares of our Common Stock on the date of issuance had a per-share fair market value of $0.0346
 or a total fair market value
of $93
420
 which was based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.

On
July 14
 2020
 we issued 140 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock to Robert Clark
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and
the Chairman of our Board. We owe Mr. Clark 170
000
000 shares of our Common Stock at any time that Mr. Clark requests that these
shares be issued to him. The 140 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock are convertible into 140 shares of our Common Stock; thus
the number of shares of our Common Stock due and owing to Mr. Clark is now 169
999
860. At the date of issuance
 the per-share
fair market value of the shares was $0.0312
 or a total fair market value of approximately $4.37
 based on the closing price of
our Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.

Notes
Payable &ndash; Related Parties

We
had the following outstanding notes payable during the period specified above:&nbsp;



    
    
    
Borrowing 
Amount
    
    
    
Outstanding 
Balance since 
January 1

2018
    
Balance as of 
December 31

2020

    

 2018
20
000
    

 2021
20
000
8
500

    

 2019
1
500
000
    

 2021
1
369
651
1
369
651

    

 2019
200
000
    

 2021
125
500
125
500

    

 2019
70
000
    

 2021
70
000
59
500




    
Each
    of the note payables was issued by us in favor of Robert Clark
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 and Chairman
    of our Board.


Director
Independence

Our
Board is currently composed of three members &ndash; Messrs. Clark
 Crystal
 and Outlaw. Our Common Stock is not currently listed
for trading on a national securities exchange and
 as such
 we are not subject to any director independence standards. However
we determined that two of our directors
 Messrs. Crystal and Outlaw
 qualify as independent directors. We determined that Mr.
Clark
 our Chairman and an executive officer
 is not independent. We evaluated independence in accordance with the rules of The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the SEC and considered all relevant facts and circumstances in making this determination (including
any relationships set forth in this annual report under the heading &#147;Related Person Transactions&#148;). Messrs. Clark
Crystal
 and Outlaw serve on our Audit Committee
 our Compensation Committee
 and Governance and Nominating Committee.

    
    

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

Each
year
 the Board approves the annual audit engagement in advance. The Board also has established procedures to pre-approve all
non-audit services provided by the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm. All fiscal 2020 and 2019 non-audit
services listed below were pre-approved.

Audit
and Audit-Related Fees
included in our annual and periodic reports that are filed with the SEC. This category also includes services performed for the
preparation of responses to SEC correspondence
 travel expenses for our auditors
 on audit and accounting matters that arose during
or as a result of
 the audit or the review of interim financial statements
 and the preparation of an annual &#147;management
letter&#148; on internal control and other matters.

Tax
Fees

All
Other Fees

The
following fees were billed to us by Berman Hopkins Wright &amp; Laham LLP for tax fees and by our independent registered public
accounting firm
 BP Borgers CPA PC
 which served as the Company&#146;s auditor from fiscal years ending December 31
 2017 through
December 31
 2020 and reviewed the Company&#146;s quarterly financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters
during fiscal 2020.



    

 2020

 2019

    
77
600
20
000

    
    
    

    
17
400
    

    
    
    

    
95
000
20
000


    
    

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    and Plan of Merger among Kona Gold Beverage Inc.
 KGS Temporary Company
 Inc.
 S and S Beverage Inc.
 William J. Stineman
    and K&amp;L Beverage
 LLC (as the indemnifying S and S shareholders)
 and William J. Stineman (as representative of the S
    and S Shareholders)
 dated January 22
 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company&#146;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on February 5
 2021.

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&#146;s Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated By-Laws is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form
    S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation of the Preferences
 Rights
 and Limitations of the Series B Preferred Stock is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020. 

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation of the Preferences
 Rights
 and Limitations of the Series C Preferred Stock is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020. 

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation of the Preferences
 Rights
 and Limitations of the Series D Preferred Stock is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020. 

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment to Amendment and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of
    Amendment No. 1 to the Company Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on October 26
    2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Articles
    of Merger Merging KGS Temporary Company
 Inc. with and into S and S Beverage Inc.
 as filed with the Wisconsin Department
    of Financial Institutions on February 1
 2021 is &nbsp;incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.7 of the Company&#146;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on February 5
 2021.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Debenture is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Warrant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.
        

    
    
    

    
        
    
Form of Stand-alone Debenture is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on December 14
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Secured Convertible Debenture of the registrant sold and issued to YAII PN
 Ltd.
 on February 11
 2021 is incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on February 18
 2021.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Warrant of the registrant granted to YAII PN
 Ltd.
 on February 11
 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    4.3 of the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on February 18
 2021.


    
    



    
    
Securities
    Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN
 Ltd.
 dated May 14
 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to
    Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Registration
    Rights Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN
 Ltd.
 dated May 14
 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    10.2 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Independent
    Contractor Agreement by and between Kona Gold LLC and OPTN Companies Inc.
 dated April 15
 2020 is incorporated herein by
    reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the
    SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Board
    of Directors Offer Letter between the Company and Matthew Crystal
 dated July 24
 2018 is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Board
    of Directors Offer Letter between the Company and William Jeffrey Outlaw
 dated September 3
 2019 is incorporated herein by
    reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the
    SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Distribution Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Membership
    Interest Purchase Agreement by and among Elev8 Hemp LLC
 PLAD
 Inc.
 and the Company
 dated October 10
 2016
 is incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed
    with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Securities
    Exchange and Settlement Agreement by and between Elev8 Brands
 Inc. and the Company
 dated March 6
 2018
 is incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed
    with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Securities
    Exchange and Settlement Agreement by and between Elev8 Brands
 Inc. and the Company
 dated November 26
 2019 is incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed
    with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement by and between Christopher Selinger and the Company
 dated September 1
 2018 is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Lease
    Agreement by and between Kona Gold
 LLC and Hay Investment Properties
 Inc.
 dated June 1
 2018 is incorporated herein by
    reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the
    SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Triple
    Net Lease Agreement by and between Gold Leaf Distribution
 LLC and 3090 S. Hwy 14
 LLC
 dated May 22
 2019 is incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed
    with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Lease
    Modification Agreement by and between Gold Leaf Distribution
 LLC and 3090 S. Hwy 14
 LLC
 dated April 21
 2020 is incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed
    with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Line
    of Credit Agreement by and between Robert Clark and Gold Leaf Distribution
 LLC
 dated August 29
 2019 is incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with
    the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Line
    of Credit Agreement by and between Robert Clark and Kona Gold
 LLC
 dated April 4
 2019 is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Line
    of Credit Agreement by and between Matthew Nicoletti and Kona Gold
 LLC
 dated May 5
 2018 is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Standard
    Promissory Note issued by Gold Leaf Distribution in favor of Robert Clark
 dated February 19
 2019 is incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with
    the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Standard
    Promissory Note issued by Kona Gold
 LLC in favor of Robert Clark
 dated January 15
 2019 is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.18 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the
    SEC on October 26
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement by and between the Company and Robert Clark
 dated August 12
 2015 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    10.19 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement by and between the Company and Lori Radcliffe
 dated October 8
 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    10.20 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Robert Clark
 dated December 1
 2016 is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July
    16
 2020.


    
    



    
    
Agreement
    by and between the Company and Ryan Dodd
 dated May 1
 2019 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company&#146;s
    Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Employment Agreement by and between Christopher Selinger and Kona Gold Solutions
 Inc.
 dated May 1
 2020 is incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed
    with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Employment Agreement by and between Christopher Selinger and the Company
 dated January 1
 2019 is incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with
    the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Security
    Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN
 Ltd.
 dated May 14
 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    10.25 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Line
    of Credit and Security Agreement Modification Agreement by and between Kona Gold LLC and Robert Clark
 dated April 1
 2020
    is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.:
    333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Line
    of Credit and Security Agreement Modification Agreement by and between Gold Leaf Distribution LLC and Robert Clark
 dated
    April 1
 2020 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
    (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on July 16
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Terms
    of Oral Agreement between the Company and Robert Clark is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of Amendment No.
    1 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on October 26
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Waiver
    Agreement by and between the Company and YaII PN
 Ltd.
 dated October 14
 2020
 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    10.29 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the
    SEC on October 26
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Paycheck
    Protection Promissory Note issued in favor of Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. dated May 4
 2020
 is incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.30 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed
    with the SEC on October 26
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Paycheck
                                         Protection Promissory Note issued in favor of Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. dated May 4
 2020
                                         is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company&#146;s
                                         Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on October
                                         26
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and YAII PN
 Ltd.
 dated November 30
 2020
 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-239883)
 filed with the SEC on December 14
 2020.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Securities Purchase Agreement between the registrant and YAII PN
 Ltd.
 for a transaction that closed on February 11
 2021
    is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC
    on February 18
 2021.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement by and between the registrant and YAII PN
 Ltd.
 for a transaction that closed on February
    11
 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with
    the SEC on February 18
 2021.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Amended and Restated Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN
 Ltd.
 for a transaction
    that closed on February 11
 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company&#146;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on February 18
 2021.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Intellectual Property Security Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN
 Ltd.
 for a transaction
    that closed on February 11
 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company&#146;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on February 18
 2021.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Amended and Restated Global Guaranty Agreement of the registrant and its subsidiaries in favor of YAII PN
 Ltd.
 for a
    transaction that closed on February 11
 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company&#146;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on February 18
 2021.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Certification
of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


    


Certification
of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities
Act of 1934.


    


Certification
                                         of Principal Executive Officer
                                         Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
                                         Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.

    


Certification
                                         of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section
                                         1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.





    
    



Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.&nbsp;



    
KONA
    GOLD BEVERAGE
 INC.

    
    
    

&nbsp;April
    15
 2021
    
/s/
    Robert Clark

    
    
Robert
Clark
Chief
Executive Officer


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of
the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.&nbsp;



/s/
    Robert Clark
    
Dated:
    April 15
 2021

Robert
Clark
President
Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary and Chairman and Director
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    Lori Radcliffe
    
Dated:
    April 15
 2021

Lori
Radcliffe
Chief
Financial Officer
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    Matthew Crystal
    
Dated:
    April 15
 2021&nbsp;

Matthew
Crystal
        
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    William Jeffrey Outlaw
    
Dated:
    April 15
 2021

William
Jeffrey Outlaw
        
    
    
















     


Exhibit
21.1





    
Kona
    Gold
 LLC (Delaware)

    
HighDrate
    LLC (Florida)

    
Gold
    Leaf Distribution LLC (Florida)

    
S
    and S Beverage Inc. (Wisconsin)
















     





Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934


 Robert Clark
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2020 of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.;
  
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
  
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
  
    
    

    
    



  
    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



  
    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




  
Date: &nbsp;April 15
 2021
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director
    














     





Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934


 Lori Radcliffe
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2020 of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.;
  
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
  
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
  
    
    

    
    



  
    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



  
    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




  
Date: &nbsp;April 15
 2021
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    













     





Pursuant to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the
United States Code


 as created by Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
does hereby certify
 to the best of such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:


  
    
    
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2020 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




  
Date: &nbsp;April 15
 2021
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director
    



as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 and shall not be deemed to be &ldquo;filed&rdquo; for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


by Section 906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.
 and will be retained
by Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.
 and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.












     






Pursuant to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the
United States Code


 as created by Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
does hereby certify
 to the best of such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:


  
    
    
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2020 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




  
Date: &nbsp;April 15
 2021
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    



as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 and shall not be deemed to be &ldquo;filed&rdquo; for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


by Section 906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.
 and will be retained
by Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.
 and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.




















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    


    

    
    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation&#13;(&amp;#8220;Kona Gold
&amp;#8221; the &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;)
 owns and operates a line&#13;of premier CBD lifestyle brand products. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: Kona Gold LLC
 a Delaware&#13;limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Kona&amp;#8221;)
 HighDrate LLC
 a Florida limited liability company (&amp;#8220;HighDrate&amp;#8221;)
 and Gold&#13;Leaf Distribution LLC
 a Florida limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Gold Leaf&amp;#8221;). In February 2021
 the Company acquired all of the&#13;capital stock of S and S Beverage
 Inc. (See Note 22 &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/i&gt;.) The Company is primarily focused on product development&#13;in the functional beverage sector. Kona Gold creates hemp-infused energy drinks
 which includes hemp energy drinks
 CBD energy water
&#13;and also sells Kona Gold merchandise and apparel

 the Company&amp;#8217;s websites
 and distributors that span across 27 states. The Company&amp;#8217;s products are available&#13;in wide variety of stores
 including convenience and grocery stores
 smoke shops

 the terms &amp;#8220;Kona Gold
&amp;#8221;&#13;the &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our
 refer to Kona Gold individually or
 as the context requires

 (ii) CBD-infused energy water
 and (iii) CBD-infused high-alkaline water
 as well as apparel with the Kona Gold logo. The Beverages Segment includes all of Kona&amp;#8217;s and HighDrate&amp;#8217;s operations. Additional information regarding these products is below. The Company considers this a single operating segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
 the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management. The Company does not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore

 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. In addition to distributing the Company&amp;#8217;s own beverage products
 the Company also distributes other products
 including alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused jellybeans

 including vegan and Kosher. Our hemp energy drinks are available in eight flavors: classic hemp
 platinum hemp
 sugar-free hemp
&#13;cherry vanilla
 bubble gum
 candy apple
 cotton candy

 sugar-free
 and powered by the patented technology of Alkame Holdings Inc.&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Alkame Water&#13;Inc. (&amp;#8220;Alkame&amp;#8221;)
 which uses its advanced water treatment to create a premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants.&#13;Alkame believes that
 pursuant to a double-blind placebo
 peer-backed research project that it conducted
 its Level 2 &amp;#8211; inputs other&#13;than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
&#13;quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets technology can boost the immune system and physical performance.&#13;HighDrate&amp;#8217;s CBD-infused energy water contains 80 mg of caffeine and 10 mg of CBD. The Company believes that CBD aids the body&amp;#8217;s&#13;endocannabinoid system in neuroprotection
 stress recovery
 immune balance
 and homeostatic regulation. HighDrate&amp;#8217;s CBD-infused&#13;energy water is available in six flavors: watermelon
 kiwi strawberry
 tropical coconut
 Georgia peach
 sour apple


 which provide consumers with a premium fit and feel. The Company&#13;currently offers shirts
 tanks
 hats

 the World Health Organization&#13;(the &amp;#8220;WHO&amp;#8221;) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (&amp;#8220;COVID-19&amp;#8221;) that originated&#13;in Wuhan
 China and generated significant risks to the international community as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin.&#13;In March 2020
 the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid increase in global exposure. The COVID-19 pandemic&#13;is disrupting businesses and affecting production and sales across a range of industries
 as well as causing volatility in the financial&#13;markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company&amp;#8217;s consumer demand
 sales
 and financial performance will&#13;depend on certain developments
 including
 among other things
 the duration and spread of the outbreak and the impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;consumers and employees
 all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Management is actively monitoring this situation and potential&#13;impacts on our financial condition
 liquidity


 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)
&#13;a Wisconsin Corporation

 or decision-making group

 the Company website
 and distributors that span across the United States. The Company&amp;#8217;s products are available&#13;in wide variety of stores
 including convenience and grocery stores

 the World Health Organization&#13;(the &amp;#8220;WHO&amp;#8221;) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (&amp;#8220;COVID-19&amp;#8221;) that originated&#13;in Wuhan
 China and generated significant risks to the international community as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin.&#13;In March 2020
 the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid increase in global exposure. The COVID-19 pandemic&#13;is disrupting businesses and affecting production and sales across a range of industries
 as well as causing volatility in the financial&#13;markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company&amp;#8217;s consumer demand
 sales
 and financial performance will&#13;depend on certain developments
 including
 among other things
 the duration and spread of the outbreak and the impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;consumers and employees
 all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Management is actively monitoring this situation and potential&#13;impacts on our financial condition
 liquidity



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;CBD Energy Water&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;107
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Hemp Energy Drink&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;343
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;393
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Storm CBD Water&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Merchandise and Apparel&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unfilled Cans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Miscellaneous Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Point of Sale Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;660
504&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;686


&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lemin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;234
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;143
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trays
 Cans and Sleeves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;87
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;240
797&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;254




&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;57
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;52
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computers and Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery &amp;#38; Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;79
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(54
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(20
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;167
872&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;142

 2020 and 2019
 was approximately $34
075 and $56
937 respectively
 and is included in selling




&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Star-up Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Website Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12
200&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;13

 2020 was $968. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 was $968
 and is included in in selling


 Gold Leaf acquired 21
000
000&#13;shares
 representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
 $0.01 par value per share
 of BigSupersearch.com
 Inc.
&#13;a California corporation (&amp;#8220;BigSupersearch&amp;#8221;)
 and 14
000
000 shares of its Series A preferred stock
 for $61
000
 which amount&#13;included the purchase price
 attorney fees
 and transfer fees. At the time of the acquisition
 BigSupersearch was considered a &amp;#8220;shell&#13;company&amp;#8221; because it had no operations and no assets. Because no transfer of assets or liabilities occurred
 the entire $61
000
&#13;representing the consideration paid for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of BigSupersearch


 2019
 BigSupersearch had&#13;a positive equity and the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair&#13;value of BigSupersearch exceeded its carrying value
 including goodwill. In accordance with the Qualitative Assessment outlined in ASC&#13;350-20-35
 &lt;i&gt;Goodwill &amp;#8211; Subsequent Measurement &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASC 350-20-35&amp;#8221;)&lt;i&gt;

 then&#13;there is no impairment and the second step is not necessary. If the carrying amount of BigSupersearch exceeds the fair value

 2019
 BigSupersearch had no identifiable assets or liabilities; therefore
 the implied fair value of goodwill is zero. Based&#13;on this assessment
 goodwill was impaired by the full carrying amount of $61
000. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Acquired goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;61
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(61

&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trademark (HighDrate)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Intangible Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;69
488&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;77

 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;69


 2016
 Robert Clark
 formed Elev8&#13;Hemp
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Elev8 Hemp&amp;#8221;)
 on behalf of Ryan Medico

 the Company entered into a&#13;letter of intent with Elev8 Hemp to acquire it
 such that it would become the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the&#13;letter of intent
 on June 7
 2016
 the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement with Elev8 Hemp (the &amp;#8220;Elev8 Hemp Acquisition&#13;Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 whereby the Company agreed to acquire 100% of the ownership of Elev8 Hemp and
 in exchange
 the Company agreed to issue&#13;to Mr. Medico five million restricted shares of the Common Stock
 which had a fair market value of $50
000. The Elev8 Hemp Acquisition&#13;Agreement provided that if the Company failed to adequately capitalize the development of Elev8 Hemp to complete its objectives set forth&#13;in its business plan
 then Mr. Medico would have the option until March 31
 2018 to purchase Elev8 Hemp from the Company for a purchase&#13;price of $50
000

 2016
 the Company entered&#13;into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Membership Interest Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Elev8 Hemp
 as the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;wholly-owned subsidiary
 and Branded Legacy
 Inc.
 formerly known as Elev8 Brands
 Inc. and
 prior to that
 known as PLAD
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Branded&#13;Legacy&amp;#8221;)
 to sell 100% of the then-issued and outstanding membership interests of Elev8 Hemp to Branded Legacy in consideration&#13;of its issuance to the Company of 200
000
000 shares of its common stock
 par value $0.00001. In connection with this transaction
 Mr.&#13;Medico became the Chief Executive Officer and the sole director of Branded Legacy. The parties desired to enter into the Membership Interest&#13;Purchase Agreement because the Company did not have adequate capital to fund the development of Elev8 Hemp&amp;#8217;s business
 as well as&#13;its own. Until July 2018

 2017
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board&#13;of Directors (the &amp;#8220;Board&amp;#8221;) declared a dividend to its stockholders of an aggregate of 53
196
608 shares of common stock of&#13;Branded Legacy. The Company&amp;#8217;s stockholders received one share of common stock of Branded Legacy for every 10 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Common Stock held on the record date. On the record date
 we had approximately 104 stockholders
 all of whom received this dividend. After&#13;the payment of the dividend
 the Company held 146
803

 2018
 the Company entered into&#13;a Securities Exchange and Settlement Agreement (the &amp;#8220;First Exchange Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Branded Legacy. Pursuant to the First&#13;Exchange Agreement
 the Company exchanged with Branded Legacy the remaining 146
803
392 shares of common stock held by the Company for&#13;2
746
723 shares of Branded Legacy&amp;#8217;s Series D preferred stock. The shares of Series D preferred stock were initially convertible&#13;into 164
803
380 shares of common stock of Branded Legacy. At December 31
 2018
 the balance of the investment in Branded Legacy was $1

 2019
 we entered into a second&#13;Securities and Exchange Agreement with Branded Legacy
 whereby we exchanged the remaining investment of 2
746
723 shares of Branded Legacy&amp;#8217;s&#13;Series D preferred stock for its 10-year
 unsecured
 non-convertible promissory note in our favor in the original principal amount of&#13;$1
500
000 (the &amp;#8220;Branded Legacy Note&amp;#8221;). All principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the Branded Legacy Note is payable
&#13;in full
 on November 27
 2029. As of the dates of the foregoing transactions
 the Company and Branded Legacy were not considered related&#13;parties based upon the guidance set forth in ASC Topic 850

 an allowance for $1
500
000&#13;had been assessed and expensed
 which was included in the Consolidated Statements of Loss for the year ended December 31

 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Investment in Branded Legacy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful account&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note receivable


 officers
&#13;key employees
 and non-employees were granted stock-based compensation consisting of restricted stock awards. Stock-based compensation&#13;is measured at the grant date
 based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized as an expense at the date of issuance. The Company&#13;estimates the fair value of each restricted stock award as of the date of grant using closing price as reported by the OTCM on the date&#13;of grant. The Board has not adopted any employee stock purchase plans or other incentive plans
 nor does the Company grant stock options&#13;to its directors
 officers

 2020 and 2019
 were 10
085
140 and 15
862
000 shares of the Common Stock
 respectively. The current stock-based&#13;Common Stock cancelled or forfeited for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 was 0 and 64
860
346 shares of the Common Stock

 2020 and&#13;2019
 the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense
 which is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the&#13;accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Employee stock awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;476
002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;290
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-employee stock awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;834
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;478
580&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
124

 2020 and 2019
 of $1
386
497 and $1
386
500


 2018
 Kona entered into a Line&#13;of Credit Agreement with Matthew Nicoletti as the lender
 which established a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to $400
000.&#13;The line of credit matures on May 5
 2022 and is reflected as non-current on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Advances under&#13;the line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. Payments of principal and accrued interest are payable on the&#13;maturity date. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the line of credit had an outstanding principal balance of $398
470
 respectively
 and accrued&#13;interest of $32
102 and $17
037


 2018
 Kona issued a Standard Promissory Note in favor of Robert Clark
 as lender
 in the original principal amount of $20
000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Mr. Clark is the Company&amp;#8217;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 and Chairman of the Board. The note bears no interest. Principal payments of $500 per month commenced in February 2019
 with the final payment due in April 2021. The outstanding principal balance of this note at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $8
500 and $14
500

 2019
 Gold Leaf issued a Standard Promissory Note in Favor of Robert Clark
 as lender
 in the original principal amount of $70
000. The note bears no interest.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Principal payments of $500 per month commenced in March 2019
 with final payment due in March 2021. The outstanding principal balance of this note at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $59
500 and $65
500

 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;68

 2019
 Kona entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Robert.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The agreement established a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to $1
500
000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. The line of credit matures on April 4
 2021
 at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 outstanding principal was $1
369
651 and $922
151
 respectively
 and accrued interest was $36
397 and $0

 2019
 Gold Leaf entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Robert Clark.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The agreement established a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to $200
000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. The line of credit matures on August 29
 2021
 at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 outstanding principal was $125
500 and $100
000
 respectively
 and accrued interest was $3
545 and $0


000 from a related party. Payments of $9
045 per month were due beginning October 17
 2018. On June 1
 2020
 an additional $35
000 was received on the same note
 under new terms that the Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. In the accompanying balance sheets dated December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 the balance of the note payable is $113
761 and 78
760
 respectively
 and accrued interest was $11
776 and $0

700 from a related party on November 1
 2019. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. On December 31
 2019
 $412
700 has been forgiven in full by the related party. In the accompanying balance sheets dated December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 the balance of the note payable is $200
000

000 from a related party on February 1
 2020. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date three (3) days after the sale of substantially all of the assets or equity. In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020
 the balance of the note payable is $300
000

000 from a related party on July 31
 2020. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date three (3) days after the sale of substantially all of the assets or equity. In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020
 the balance of the note payable is $198

000 from a related party on April 30
 2020. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. On November 30
 2020
 this debt was forgiven. In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020

 2021 &amp;#8211; December 31
 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;November 1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;798
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;798


 2020
&#13;the Company entered into a Paycheck Protection Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $95
161 (the &amp;#8220;PPP Loan&amp;#8221;)&#13;with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. The PPP Loan was made under
 and is subject to
 the terms and conditions of the Paycheck Protection Program&#13;(the &amp;#8220;PPP&amp;#8221;)
 which was established as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act the (&amp;#8220;CARES Act&amp;#8221;)&#13;and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The PPP provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5&#13;times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The current term of the PPP Loan is two years
 with a maturity&#13;date of May 6
 2022 and it contains a favorable fixed annual interest rate of 1.00%. Payments of principal and interest on the PPP Loan&#13;are deferred for the first six months of the term of the PPP Loan
 or November 2020. Thereafter

 recipients can apply for and receive forgiveness for all
 or a portion of the loan granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness&#13;will be determined
 subject to limitations
 based on the use of loan proceeds for certain permissible purposes as set forth in the PPP
&#13;including
 but not limited to
 payroll costs
 mortgage interest
 rent or utility costs (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Qualifying Expenses&amp;#8221;)
&#13;and on the maintenance of employee and compensation levels during a certain time period following the funding of the PPP Loan. The amount&#13;of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the eight-week period. The Company&#13;has used the proceeds of the PPP Loan for salaries and wages
 building lease expense
 and utilities. However

 the&#13;Company also received an advance in the amount of $7


 par value $0.00001 per share
 at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was 988
140 and 4
988
000
 respectively.&#13;The Board
 without further stockholder approval
 may issue preferred stock in one or more series from time to time and fix or alter the&#13;designations
 relative rights
 priorities
 preferences
 qualifications

000
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;)
&#13;of which no shares were authorized
 issued or outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 4
000
000 shares were authorized
 issued and outstanding&#13;at December 31
 2019. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
 when outstanding

200
000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &amp;#8220;Series B Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;)
&#13;of which 488
000 were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019

 2020
&#13;the Company reduced the authorized number of Series C Preferred Stock from 3
300
000 to 250 shares
 par value $0.00001 per share (the&#13;&amp;#8220;Series C Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;)
 by filing a Certificate of Designation of the Preferences
 Rights
 and Limitations of the Series&#13;C Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Company also amended the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock.&#13;The holders of shares of the Series Preferred C Stock are now entitled to 2
000
000 votes for every share of our Series Preferred C Stock&#13;held. The holders of the Series Preferred C Stock are not entitled to receive dividends. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding&#13;up of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 before any distribution or payment will be made to the holders of any stock ranking&#13;junior to the Series C Preferred Stock
 the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;assets an amount equal to $1.00 in the aggregate for all issued and outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock (as adjusted for&#13;any stock dividends
 combinations
 splits
 recapitalizations
 and the like with respect to such shares) (the &amp;#8220;Preference Value&amp;#8221;).&#13;After the payment of the full applicable Preference Value of each share of the Series C Preferred Stock
 our remaining assets legally&#13;available for distribution
 if any
 will be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock has conversion&#13;rights

&#13;2020 and 2019
 the Company had authorized 250 and 3
300
000 shares
 respectively
 of Series C Preferred Stock of which 140 and 0 shares
&#13;respectively
 were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. At such dates
 each share of the Series C Preferred&#13;Stock was convertible into one and 1
000 shares

000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &amp;#8220;Series D Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;)
 of&#13;which 500
000 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Each share of the Series D Preferred Stock&#13;may be converted into 1

500
000
000 and 900
000
000 shares of the Common Stock
 respectively
 of which 786
308
041 shares were issued and outstanding&#13;at December 31
 2020 and 763
967
603 were issued and outstanding at December 31

&#13;2019
 Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum Capital Group LLC (&amp;#8220;Quantum&amp;#8221;) converted 55
000 shares&#13;of the Series C Preferred Stock into 55
000
000 shares of the Common Stock. At the conversion date
 the shares of Common Stock had a per-share&#13;fair market value of $0.0840
 representing a total fair value of $4
620
000

 2019
&#13;the Company issued 58
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 58
000 of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock&#13;by Matthew Nicoletti

 2019
&#13;the Company issued 52
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 52
000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock by&#13;Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum. The shares of Common Stock
 at the date of conversion
 had a fair market&#13;value of $0.076 per share
 or an aggregate fair value of $3
952
000

 2019
&#13;the Company issued 106
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 106
000 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock&#13;by Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum. The shares of Common Stock had a per-share fair market value of $0.1081
&#13;or a total fair value of $11
458
600

 on July 30
 2019
 we issued 10
000
000&#13;shares of Common Stock to its independent director
 William Jeffrey Outlaw
 as payment of $800
000 for his services in that capacity.&#13;At the date of issuance

 2020
&#13;the Company issued an aggregate of 4
000
000 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of an aggregate of 4
000
000 shares of our Series&#13;A Preferred Stock by Robert Clark and Joseph Thornburg. The shares of our Common Stock on the date of issuance had a per-share fair market&#13;value of $0.0346

&#13;2020
 the Company issued an aggregate of 8
255
438 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $100
000 of the principal of
 and $12
274&#13;of accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0170.&#13;The First 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0136

 2020 and 2019
 please see Note 12
 &lt;i&gt;Employees&lt;/i&gt;
 Note 13
 &lt;i&gt;Sponsorships&lt;/i&gt;
 and Note&#13;18


000 shares&#13;of common stock with a par value of $30.50
 of which 10
000 were issued and outstanding as of the year ended December 31
 2020
 and year&#13;ended December 31
 2019

 2020
 and for the year ended December 31
 2019


 2019
&#13;these shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $6
500 by Mr. Clark. On March 30
 2016
 the Company entered&#13;into an Executive Employment Agreement with Ryan Medico (the &amp;#8220;Executive Employment Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 whereby Mr. Medico was hired&#13;to serve as the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Financial Officer until January 1
 2017. In connection with the Executive Employment Agreement and&#13;Mr. Medico&amp;#8217;s service as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Company agreed to pay Mr. Medico 20
000
000 shares of the Common Stock&#13;and negotiate a cash salary when the Company determined that it could pay such salary. These shares had a per-share fair market value&#13;of $0.014
 or a total fair value of $280
000
 at the date of issuance
 which was the closing price per share of the Common Stock as reported&#13;by the OTCM on the date of issuance. On July 30
 2019
 the 14
860

 2019
&#13;pursuant to the terms of an employment agreement between the Company and Chad Webb dated December 1
 2018
 the Company issued to Mr. Webb&#13;5
000
000 shares of Common Stock as payment of $277
000 in compensation owed for services provided. The shares had a per-share fair market&#13;value of $0.0554

 2019
&#13;the Company issued 100
000 shares of Common Stock equal to $13
100
 to each of Jazmin Gonzalez and Michelle Motta as an incentive bonus.&#13;At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.131 based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of issuance&#13;as reported by the OTCM. On November 7
 2019
 the 100
000 shares that were issued to Michelle Motta were forfeited to the Company and&#13;cancelled
 which resulted in a reduction in compensation expense of $13

 2019
&#13;14
860
346 shares of Common Stock were forfeited to the Company. These shares were originally issued on April 7

 2015
 the Company entered into&#13;an Employment Agreement with Robert Clark (the &amp;#8220;Clark Employment Agreement&amp;#8221;). On December 1
 2016
 the Company entered into&#13;an Amendment to Employment Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Clark Amendment&amp;#8221;; and
 together with the Clark Employment Agreement
 the &amp;#8220;Amended&#13;Clark Employment Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment Clark Employment Agreement
 the Company agreed to issue
 among&#13;other securities
 200
000
000 shares of the Common Stock. Immediately
 Mr. Clark decided to defer receipt of 80
000
000 of such shares;&#13;thus leaving 120
000
000 shares of the Common Stock to be issued to him. Those 120
000
000 shares of the Common Stock were issued to Mr.&#13;Clark
 as follows: (i) on October 28
 2015
 the Company issued 30
000
000 of such shares at the per-share fair market value of $0.015
&#13;based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance; (ii) on March 2
 2016
 the Company issued&#13;40
000
000 of such shares at the per-share fair market value of $0.0250 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by&#13;the OTCM on the date of issuance; and (iii) on Mary 16
 2016
 the Company issued 50
000
000 of such shares at the per-share fair market&#13;value of $0.0036 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. The Company accrued 80
000
000&#13;shares of the Common Stock on December 31
 2016 that were not issued. At the date of accrual
 the per-share fair market value of the shares&#13;was $0.0025 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. On April 19
 2018
 40
000
000&#13;shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $1
000
000 by Mr. Clark. On July 31
 2019
 an additional 50
000
000&#13;shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $180
000. Accordingly
 as of June 30
 2020
 Mr. Clark was the&#13;record and beneficial owner of 17
100
000 of shares of the Common Stock and
 subject to the July 2020 issuance to Mr. Clark of 140 shares&#13;of Series C Preferred
 the Company accrued and owed to Mr. Clark an aggregate of 170
000

000
000 shares of Common&#13;Stock on January 27
 2020 to Lori Radcliffe pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement dated October 7
 2019
 by and between Ms. Radcliffe&#13;and the Company. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value of the shares was $0.0637 based on the closing price of the&#13;Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance
 for a total value of $318

 2020
&#13;the Company issued 5
000
000 shares of the Common Stock to Paul O&amp;#8217;Renick pursuant to an Employment Agreement dated October 1
 2019&#13;in exchange for compensation owed in the amount of $157
500 for services provided. At the date of issuance


 2019
&#13;the Company entered into a sponsorship agreement with Ryan Dodd
 a professional waterski jumper (the &amp;#8220;Dodd Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 whereby&#13;the Company agreed to pay monthly sponsorship fees of $1
250 for one year. On May 23
 2019
 the Company issued Mr. Dodd 262
500 shares&#13;of Common Stock. At the date of issuance
 the shares of Common Stock had a fair market value of $0.131 per share based on the closing&#13;price of the Common Stock on the date of issuance as reported by the OTCM
 representing $34
388 as payment for the Company&amp;#8217;s sponsorship.&#13;The Dodd Agreement was extended in January 2020 for an additional one-year term. On April 3
 2020
 the Company issued 85
000 shares of&#13;the Common Stock to Ryan Dodd pursuant to the Dodd Agreement. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.0315 based&#13;on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance
 representing a payment of $2


 assessments
 litigation
 fines
 penalties
 and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred&#13;and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. The following represents the Company&amp;#8217;s commitments and contingencies&#13;as of December 31

500 square feet of corporate office and warehouse space located at 746 North Drive
 Suite A
 Melbourne
 Florida 32934. The lease is for a five-year term
 and expires on May 31
 2023. The initial monthly base rent was approximately $3
994
 plus state taxes. The monthly base rent increases annually by three percent
 beginning on June 1
 2019 and each June 1st thereafter. During the lease year that commenced on June 1
 2020
 the Company&amp;#8217;s monthly base rent will be $4
114. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized operating lease expense of $58
069
 which is included in in selling


 assessments
 litigation
 fines



 2019
 Gold Leaf entered into a lease agreement for 30
000 square feet of office and warehouse space in Greer County
 South Carolina. The agreement includes monthly payments of $13
429
 and included a $6
500 deposit. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized right-of-use operating lease expense of $148
895
 which is included in in selling

 2020
 Kona entered into a lease agreement for equipment. The agreement includes monthly payments of $676. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized right-of-use operating lease expense of $5
522
 which is included in in selling

&#13;net related to operating leases are included in noncurrent assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet
 while related lease&#13;liabilities are included in current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt. At December 31
 2020 and 2019


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
072
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;378
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of right-of-use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(159
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use asset
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;912
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;338
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current portion of long-term lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;71
032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;763
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;286
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total operating lease liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;912
993&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;357

 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;154
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;160
631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;167
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;167
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;113
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;912


 and&#13;the Company does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&amp;#8217;s revenues are obtained in similar geographical&#13;locations within the United States. The Company&amp;#8217;s operating segments are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
&#13;similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of our products and customers are essentially the same. Furthermore

 HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters
 and Storm CBD-infused water.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon Sales &amp;#8211; revenue derived from customer purchases through Amazon.com of our Kona Gold hemp-infused energy drinks.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Online Sales &amp;#8211; revenue derived from customer purchases through the Company&amp;#8217;s websites: KonaGoldHemp.com and HighDrateMe.com of the following products: Kona Gold hemp-infused energy drinks and apparel
 HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters
 and Storm CBD-infused water.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gold Leaf Distribution &amp;#8211; revenue derived from Gold Leaf
 which is the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 that focuses on the distribution of premium beverages and snacks in key markets. These markets include over 500 accounts in grocery stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. Gold Leaf&amp;#8217;s product line includes alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused jellybeans

&#13;by revenue source
 and the period-over-period percentage change

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Source&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;% Change&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distributors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
315
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;438
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;133
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;87
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Online Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;93
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;55
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gold Leaf Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;332
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shipping&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales Returns and Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(51
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(28
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
631
653&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;910

&#13;by revenue source

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 74%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distributors and Resellers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Online Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gold Leaf Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shipping&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales Returns


 (ii) CBD-infused energy water
 and (iii) CBD-infused high-alkaline water
 as well as apparel with the Kona Gold logo. The Beverages Segment includes all of Kona&amp;#8217;s and HighDrate&amp;#8217;s operations. The Company considers this a single operating segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
 the accompanying &lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;onsolidated &lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;F&lt;/font&gt;inancial &lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;S&lt;/font&gt;tatements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management. We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical to present such information.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Distribution. &lt;/i&gt;Includes the distribution of premium beverages and snacks in key markets. These markets include over 300 accounts in grocery stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. In addition to distributing the Company&amp;#8217;s own beverage products
 the Company also distributes other products
 including alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused jellybeans

&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;CURRENT ASSETS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;824
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;800
378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(146
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(40
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;783
612&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;804
557&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NON-CURRENT ASSETS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
063
074&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;514
312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;85
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Non-Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
156
853&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;564
873&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;CURRENT LIABILITIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
879
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
356
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;72
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;61
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
424
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;98
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3
376
248&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
515
646&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
616
018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
685
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;192
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Non-Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
808
368&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
844

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;REVENUES
 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
635
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;718
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;83
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;332
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(87
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(140
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Revenues
 Net of Sales
 Returns
 and Allowances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
631
653&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;910
227&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;COST OF REVENUES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
333
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;492
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;249
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(87
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(87
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Cost of Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
314
080&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;654
177&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;OPERATING EXPENSES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
372
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
729
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;150
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;276
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;608
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Operating Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3
588
608&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
614
824&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
483
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(724
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Other Income / (Expense)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1
483
366&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(766
821&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NET LOSS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
586
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
548
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(135
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(190
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 12.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(65
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
385
983&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Net Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1
787
669&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3
125


 2019
 the Company
 through its&#13;wholly-owned subsidiary
 HighDrate
 entered into the Settlement Agreement with Tre Holdco. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
 Tre Holdco&#13;assigned U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 5
351
770 for &amp;#8220;Highdrate&amp;#8221; to the Company and
 in exchange
 the Company paid to Tre Holdco&#13;a cash payment of $22
500 and issued to Tre Holdco 500
000 shares Common Stock. On June 17
 2019
 the Company issued these shares. The&#13;per-share fair market value at the date of issuance was $0.1185. The &amp;#8220;HighDrate&amp;#8221; trademark is included in intangible assets&#13;at a total value of $81
750
 net of accumulated amortization in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated September 30
 2020&#13;and December 31
 2019. See Note 4
 &lt;i&gt;Goodwill and Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;

 2019
&#13;the Company
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 HighDrate
 entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Settlement Agreement&amp;#8221;)&#13;with Tre Holdco Inc. (&amp;#8220;Tre Holdco&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
 Tre Holdco assigned U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 5
351
770&#13;for the mark &amp;#8220;Highdrate&amp;#8221; to the Company and
 in exchange
 the Company paid to Tre Holdco a cash payment in the amount of $22
500&#13;and issued to Tre Holdco 500
000 shares of Common Stock. The shares were issued on June 17
 2019 and
 on such date
 the per-share fair&#13;market value
 based on the closing price of common stock as reported by the OTCM
 was $0.1185
 representing a total fair value of $59


 which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments&#13;in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements
 during the year ending December&#13;31
 2020
 the Company incurred a net loss of $3
125
595
 used cash in operations of $1
370
123 and had a stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit of&#13;$4
244
153 as of December 31
 2020. In the year ending December 31
 2019
 the Company incurred a net loss of $1
787
669 and used cash&#13;in operations of $1
228
699 and had a stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit of $1
990
976 as of December 31

 reputable&#13;tier 1 and mid-size distributors and grocery chains. These contracts saw unforeseen delays and were additionally impacted by the COVID-19&#13;pandemic during the fiscal year. The COVID-19 delayed the Company&amp;#8217;s launch of a variety of new products during most of the 2020&#13;fiscal year &amp;#8211; drinks and non-drink line broadening items. We expect that revenue will increase in fiscal year 2021 as distribution&#13;related to our current distributors affected by COVID-19 that have resumed distribution will continue to see fewer impacts from the COVID-19&#13;pandemic going forward. Despite the impact from COVID-19 on our revenues in the fiscal year 2020
 we still anticipate to sign larger
&#13;more favorable agreements with larger

 the Company&amp;#8217;s continuation&#13;as a going concern is dependent on the ability to obtain additional financing until we can generate sufficient cash flow from operations&#13;to meet our obligations. We intend to continue to seek additional debt or equity financing to continue our operations. There is no assurance&#13;that we will ever be profitable or that debt or equity financing will be available to us in the amounts
 on terms
 and at times deemed&#13;acceptable to us
 if at all. The issuance of additional equity securities by us would result in a significant dilution in the equity interests&#13;of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans
 assuming those loans would be available
 would increase our liabilities and future&#13;cash commitments. If we are unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us
 we may be unable to continue&#13;our business
 as planned
 and as a result may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business


 which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments&#13;in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements
 during the year ended December 31
&#13;2020
 the Company incurred a net loss of $628
469
 used cash in operations of $584
438 and had a stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit of $656
052&#13;as of December 31
 2020. In the year ending December 31
 2019
 the Company incurred a net loss of $774
792
 used cash in operations of&#13;$486
613 and had a stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit of $52
583 as of December 31

 primarily wages and salaries
 which are essential and integral to our success; sales and marketing;&#13;and professional fees. In addition
 the Company was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic at the end of the third quarter. The COVID-19 delayed&#13;the distribution of products during most of the first three quarters of 2020 &amp;#8211; drink line broadening items. We expect that revenue&#13;will remain consistent in the last quarter of fiscal 2020 with the third quarter as distribution related to our current distributors affected&#13;by COVID-19 that have resumed distribution

 the Company&amp;#8217;s continuation&#13;as a going concern is dependent on the ability to obtain additional financing until we can generate sufficient cash flow from operations&#13;to meet our obligations. We intend to continue to seek additional debt or equity financing to continue our operations. In addition
 we&#13;seek to be acquired and enter into an acquisition agreement. There is no assurance that we will ever be profitable or that debt or equity&#13;financing will be available to us in the amounts
 on terms
 and at times deemed acceptable to us
 if at all. Obtaining commercial loans
&#13;assuming those loans would be available
 would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. If we are unable to obtain financing&#13;or be acquired in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us
 we may be unable to continue our business
 as planned
 and as a result&#13;may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business


 less intercompany transactions. In addition
 certain customers&#13;had outstanding accounts receivables that individually represented 10% or more of the Company&amp;#8217;s total outstanding accounts receivables
&#13;less intercompany transactions

 2020
 the Company&amp;#8217;s net accounts receivable were $(10
508)
 representing total accounts receivable of approximately&#13;$22
166 less sales returns and allowance of approximately $28
707 and less doubtful accounts of approximately $3
967. In the accompanying&#13;Consolidated Balance Sheet &lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;as of&lt;/font&gt; December 31
 2019
 the Company&amp;#8217;s net accounts receivable &lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;were&lt;/font&gt;&#13;$63
593
 representing total accounts receivable of approximately $119
7&lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;1 less sales returns and allowances&#13;of approximately $51
159 and less doubtful accounts of approximately $5

 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Accounts Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;22
166&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;119
771&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Sales Returns and Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51
1599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Doubtful Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10
508&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;63

 22%
 14% and 14%)
 or an aggregate of $16
904
 of the outstanding total accounts&#13;receivable of $22
166 &lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;as of December 31
 2020&lt;/font&gt;. The Company determined that one customer accounted&#13;for approximately 16%
 or $19
471
 of the outstanding total accounts receivable of $119
771 as of December 31

 2020
 no one customer represented 10% or more of the Company&amp;#8217;s total net revenue of $910
227&#13;for the year ended December 31
 2020. In the accompanying &lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;Consolidated S&lt;/font&gt;tatement&lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;s&lt;/font&gt;&#13;of &lt;font style=color: #1F3864&gt;Loss&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended December 31
 2019
 no one customer represented 10% or more of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;total net revenue of $1
631
653 for the year ended December 31

&#13;caffeine
 sugars or sucralose
 taurine
 vitamins
 CBD
 and hemp seed protein contained in its beverages
 the bottles in which its beverages&#13;are packaged
 and the labeling on the outside of its beverages. These principal raw materials are subject to price and availability fluctuations.&#13;The Company currently relies on a few key co-packers
 which in turn rely on a few key suppliers. The Company continually endeavors to&#13;have back-up co-packers
 which co-packers would in turn depend on their third-party suppliers to supply certain of the flavors and concentrates&#13;that are used in the Company&amp;#8217;s beverages. The Company is also dependent on these co-packers to negotiate arrangements with their&#13;existing suppliers that would enable the Company to obtain access to certain of such concentrates or flavor formulas under certain extraordinary&#13;circumstances. Additionally
 in a limited number of cases
 the Company&amp;#8217;s co-packers may have contractual restrictions with their&#13;suppliers or the Company&amp;#8217;s co-packers may need to obtain regulatory approvals and licenses that may limit the co-packers&amp;#8217;&#13;ability to enter into agreements with alternative suppliers. Contractual restrictions in the agreements the Company has with certain distributors&#13;may also limit the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to enter into agreements with alternative distributors. The Company believes that a satisfactory&#13;supply of co-packers will continue to be available at competitive prices
 although there can be no assurance in this regard. With respect&#13;to Gold Leaf&amp;#8217;s operations
 the Company continually endeavors to contract with additional beverage vendors to ensure the Company&#13;has adequate inventory. The Company believes that a satisfactory supply of vendors will continue to be available at competitive prices

 2020
 the Company did not purchase&#13;in excess of 10% of its inventory from any single vendor. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company purchased 86% of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;inventory from two vendors
 of which no amount was due to these vendors as of December 31


 or outstanding accounts receivable individually represented&#13;10% or more of the Company&amp;#8217;s total outstanding accounts receivable

 2020
 three&#13;customers individually represented 77%
 or approximately $255
300 of the Company&amp;#8217;s total revenue
 and four customers accounted for&#13;100%
 or $33
718
 of the outstanding accounts receivable
 and the Company has recorded an allowance for uncollectible accounts of $24
280.&#13;The net accounts receivable for the year ending December 31
 2020 is $9
438 in the accompanying balance sheet. For the year ended December&#13;31
 2019
 two customers individually represented 33%
 or approximately $272
000 of the Company&amp;#8217;s total revenue
 and six customers&#13;accounted for 78%
 or $41
669


 2020 balance&#13;sheet
 the Company purchased 100% of the Company&amp;#8217;s inventory from three vendors
 of which $4
365 amount was due to these vendors.&#13;For the year ended December 31
 2019 balance sheet
 the Company purchased 89% of the Company&amp;#8217;s inventory from three vendors
 of&#13;which $36


 2021
 the date that the December 31
 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements were issued

 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China. In January 2020
 the WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak a &amp;#8220;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&amp;#8221; This worldwide outbreak has resulted in the implementation of significant governmental measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 quarantines
 and travel bans intended to control the spread of the virus. Companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing travel restrictions
 and temporarily closing businesses and facilities. These restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation measures
 have had an adverse impact on global economic conditions and are likely to have an adverse impact on consumer confidence and spending
 which could materially adversely affect the supply of
 as well as the demand for
 the Company&amp;#8217;s products. Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of COVID-19 are likely to result in sustained market turmoil
 which could also negatively impact the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition

 including the duration
 spread
 and intensity&#13;of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result
 it is not&#13;currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&amp;#8217;s business. However
 as the pandemic continued for&#13;much of the 2020 fiscal year and if it continues for a prolonged period in the 2021 fiscal year
 it could have a continuing material adverse&#13;effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 results of operations
 financial condition

 given the uncertainty around the extent and timing&#13;of the potential future spread or mitigation and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures

 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 10
887
819 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $200
000 of the principal of
 and $1
425 of accrued interest on
 the Third 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0231. The Third 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0185
 which was the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0; margin-right: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;On January 21
&#13;    2021
 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with S and S Beverage
 Inc. and its shareholders and acquired all of the&#13;    capital stock of S and S Beverage Inc. (&amp;#8220;S and S&amp;#8221;). To consummate the Acquisition
 a Certificate of Merger with the Wisconsin&#13;    Department of Financial Institutions (the &amp;#8220;Merger Certificate&amp;#8221;) on February 1
 2021. On January 22
 2021
 (i) Kona Gold
 (ii)&#13;    KGS Temporary Company
 Inc. (Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. &amp;#8220;Acquisition Subsidiary&amp;#8221;)
 (iii) S and S
 (iv) William J. Stineman and&#13;    K&amp;#38;L Beverage
 LLC
 a Wisconsin limited liability company (as the indemnifying S and S shareholders)
 and (v) Mr. Stineman (as representative&#13;    of the S and S Shareholders) entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &amp;#8220;Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;). S and S merged with and&#13;    into our Acquisition Subsidiary; S and S was the surviving entity and became our wholly-owned subsidiary of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;The&#13;    Merger Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties
 covenants
 and agreements of the parties
 including certain indemnification&#13;    rights in favor of us that are customary for a transaction of this nature and magnitude.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The two individual members of K&amp;#38;L&#13;    Beverage
 LLC
 agreed to guarantee its indemnification obligations in Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s favor.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0; margin-right: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;Pursuant&#13;    to the Merger Agreement
 and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;we acquired all of the shares of capital&#13;    stock of S and S from the five holders thereof (the &amp;#8220;S and S Legacy Shareholders&amp;#8221;). In consideration thereof
 we issued to&#13;    them an aggregate of nine million restricted shares of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s common stock (the &amp;#8220;Acquisition Stock&amp;#8221;)&#13;    on a pro rata basis. Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. did not grant them any registration rights in respect of the shares of Acquisition Stock.&#13;    We also agreed to pay an aggregate of $1
050
000 (the &amp;#8220;Aggregate Acquisition Payments&amp;#8221;)
 the majority of which is allocated&#13;    to certain creditors of S and S (including one of the S and S Legacy Shareholders) and approximately $89
000 of which (the &amp;#8220;Remaining&#13;    Acquisition Payments&amp;#8221;) is allocated to the S and S Legacy Shareholders on a pro rata basis. $400
000 of the Aggregate Acquisition&#13;    Payments are scheduled to be paid in the next two weeks. The balance of the Aggregate Acquisition Payments
 including the Remaining Acquisition&#13;    Payments
 are scheduled to be paid in monthly installments
 in arrears on the tenth calendar day of each month
 commencing on March 10
&#13;    2021
 at a rate equivalent to $2.00 per case of Lemin Superior Lemonade (the product line of S and S) that we sell until the Aggregate&#13;    Acquisition Payments have been paid in full. In addition to the Aggregate Acquisition Payments
 we also assumed and agreed to pay certain&#13;    other liabilities of S and S as set forth in the Merger Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On January 25
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 7
094
732 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $150
000 of the principal of
 and $1
118 of accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0266. The First 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0213
 which was the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On January 25
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 5
183
613 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $100
000 of the principal of
 and $10
411 of accrued interest on
 the Second 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0266. The Second 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0213

 2021 we entered into a Paycheck Protection Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $117
487 (the &amp;#8220;PPP Loan&amp;#8221;) with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. The PPP Loan was made under
 and is subject to
 the terms and conditions of the Paycheck Protection Program (the &amp;#8220;PPP&amp;#8221;)
 which was established as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The PPP provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The current term of the PPP Loan is five years
 with a maturity date of February 1
 2026 and it contains a favorable fixed annual interest rate of 1.00%. Payments of principal and interest on the PPP Loan are deferred

 the Company completed a private&#13;    placement transaction (the &amp;#8220;2021 Private Placement&amp;#8221;) of two secured convertible debentures (the &amp;#8220;2021 Debentures&amp;#8221;)
&#13;    convertible for up to 154
958
678 shares (the &amp;#8220;2021 Conversion Shares&amp;#8221;) of Common Stock and granted a Warrant to purchase&#13;    Common Stock (the &amp;#8220;2021 Warrant&amp;#8221;)
 exercisable for up to 50
000
000 shares of Common Stock (the &amp;#8220;2021 Warrant Shares&amp;#8221;)
&#13;    pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between the Selling stockholder and the Company
 dated as of February 10

 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries
 and the Company. Initially
 the 2021 Debentures&#13;    are convertible at the lower of (i) the fixed conversion price
 which is $0.03 per share
 subject to adjustment (the &amp;#8220;2021 Fixed&#13;    Conversion Price&amp;#8221;)
 or (ii) 80% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (&amp;#8220;VWAP&amp;#8221;) of our Common Stock during&#13;    the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date
 subject to adjustment (the &amp;#8220;2021 Market Conversion Price&amp;#8221;).&#13;    The 2021 Debentures contain an adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues&#13;    shares of its Common Stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2021 Debentures.&#13;    Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events&#13;    will also result in an adjustment of the conversion price of the 2021 Debentures. The 2021 Debentures are subject to a &amp;#8220;conversion&#13;    blocker&amp;#8221; such that the Selling Stockholder cannot convert any portion of the 2021 Debentures that would result in the Selling Stockholder&#13;    and its affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such conversion (excluding
&#13;    for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 2021 Debentures or exercise of the 2021&#13;    Warrant that had not then been converted or exercised
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &amp;#8220;conversion&#13;    blocker&amp;#8221; to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&amp;#8217; prior written notice to the Company. The 2021 Debentures accrue interest at an annual&#13;    rate equal to 8% and are due and payable on their respective maturity dates (or sooner if the Selling Stockholder converts the 2021 Debentures&#13;    or otherwise accelerates the maturity date
 as provided for in the 2021 Debentures). Interest is payable either in cash or
 if certain&#13;    Equity Conditions (as defined in the 2021 Debentures) are then satisfied

 it has the right to&#13;    redeem
 in part or in whole
 the outstanding principal and interest under the 2021 Debentures prior to their respective maturity dates;&#13;    &lt;i&gt;provided&lt;/i&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;that&lt;/i&gt;
 as of the date of the holder&amp;#8217;s receipt of the redemption notice
 (i) the VWAP of the Common Stock&#13;    is less than the 2021 Fixed Conversion Price
 initially $0.03 per share
 and (ii) there is no Equity Conditions failure. The Company must&#13;    pay an amount equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus outstanding and accrued interest thereon
 as well as a redemption premium&#13;    equal to 15% of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed (the &amp;#8220;Redemption Premium&amp;#8221;). The Company must provide the holder&#13;    15 business days&amp;#8217; advance notice of its intent to make a redemption

 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of Common Stock or common stock equivalents&#13;    at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2021 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
&#13;    mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends

 the purchase price for the&#13;    First 2021 Debenture was $900
000
 less $41
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &amp;#8220;original issue discount&amp;#8221; of&#13;    $36
000 and $5
000 as a structuring fee. Pursuant to the 2021 SPA
 the purchase price for the Second 2021 Debenture will be $600
000
&#13;    less $24

 the&#13;    Company also granted the 2021 Warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 50 million shares of the Common Stock. The 2021 Warrant has a&#13;    three-year term and is immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $0.03 per share
 subject to adjustment. If the Company fails to&#13;    maintain an effective registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the 2021 Warrant Shares
 or if an Event of Default (as&#13;    defined below) has occurred and is continuing

 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the exercise price if the Company issues shares of our Common Stock or common stock equivalents&#13;    at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of the 2021 Warrant. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
&#13;    mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends

&#13;    for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2021 Warrant or conversion of the 2021 Debentures&#13;    that had not then been exercised or converted

 the Company agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1 (the &amp;#8220;2021 Registration Statement&amp;#8221;) with the SEC registering for resale the 2021 Conversion Shares and the 2021 Warrant Shares within 30 calendar days following the closing of the 2021 Private Placement. The Selling Stockholder has agreed to waive this 30-calendar-day provision for so long as the Company is utilizing its best efforts to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 and promptly thereafter files the 2021 Registration Statement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have the 2021 Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
 or by the 5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the 2021 Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments. Pursuant to the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company is subject to partial liquidated damages equal to 2.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder pursuant to the 2021 SPA for either of the 2021 Debentures then held by the holder for failure to file the 2021 Registration Statement timely
 failure to file with the SEC a request for acceleration in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act
 within five trading days after the date the Company is notified that the 2021 Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is not subject to further review
 the 2021 Registration Statement is not declared effective by the effectiveness deadline
 if after effectiveness
 the 2021 Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as required or if the holders are not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell for more than 30 consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of 40 calendar days during any 12-month period
 or if after the six-month anniversary of the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company does not have available adequate current public information as set forth in Rule 144(c). The parties agreed that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to a holder of the 2021 Debentures under the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement is 24% of the aggregate purchase price paid by such holder pursuant to the 2021 SPA. The Company also agreed
 among other things

 Inc.
 the Company issued 9
000
000 shares of its common stock to the legacy S and S Beverage
 Inc. shareholders as follows: 6
300
000 shares to K &amp;#38; L Beverage; 1
980
000 shares to William J. Stineman; 360
000 shares to William F. Stineman; 270
000 shares to Gary Kramer; and 90
000 shares to Steven Sirus. The per-share fair market value of the common stock was $0.0301
 based on the closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. on February 5
 2021

 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 7
252
634 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $150
000 of the principal of
 and $855 of accrued interest on
 the Second 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0260. The Second 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0208


 2021&lt;/font&gt;
 the date which the December 31
 2020&#13;Financial Statements were issued

 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China. In January 2020
 the WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak a &amp;#8220;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&amp;#8221; This worldwide outbreak has resulted in the implementation of significant governmental measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 quarantines
 and travel bans intended to control the spread of the virus. Companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing travel restrictions
 and temporarily closing businesses and facilities. These restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation measures
 have had an adverse impact on global economic conditions and are likely to have an adverse impact on consumer confidence and spending
 which could materially adversely affect the supply of
 as well as the demand for
 the Company&amp;#8217;s products. Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of COVID-19 are likely to result in sustained market turmoil
 which could also negatively impact the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition

 including the duration
 spread
 and intensity&#13;of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result
 it is not&#13;currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&amp;#8217;s business. However
 if the pandemic continues for&#13;a prolonged period
 it could have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 results of operations
 financial condition

 given the uncertainty around the extent and timing&#13;of the potential future spread or mitigation and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures

 2021
 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &amp;#8220;Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Kona Gold&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which it acquired all of the capital stock of the Company. The parties to the Merger Agreement are (i) Kona Gold
 (ii) KGS Temporary Company
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kona Gold (&amp;#8220;Acquisition Subsidiary&amp;#8221;)
 (iii) the Company
 (iv) William J. Stineman and K&amp;#38;L Beverage
 LLC (as the indemnifying parties on behalf of the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders)
 and (v) Mr. Stineman (as representative of the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders). As a result of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
 the Company merged with and into the Acquisition Subsidiary. The Company was the surviving entity and became Kona Gold&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;The Merger Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties
 covenants
 and agreements of the parties
 including certain indemnification rights in favor of Kona Gold that are customary for a transaction of that nature and magnitude.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The two individual members of K&amp;#38;L Beverage
 LLC
 agreed to guarantee its indemnification obligations. To consummate the Acquisition
 a Certificate of Merger was filed with the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions (the &amp;#8220;Merger Certificate&amp;#8221;) on February 1

 Kona Gold issued to the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders an aggregate of nine million&#13;restricted shares of its common stock (the &amp;#8220;Acquisition Stock&amp;#8221;) on a pro rata basis. Kona Gold did not grant any registration&#13;rights in respect of the shares of Acquisition Stock. Kona Gold also agreed to pay an aggregate of $1
050
000 (the &amp;#8220;Aggregate Acquisition&#13;Payments&amp;#8221;)
 the majority of which is allocated to certain of the Company&amp;#8217;s creditors (including one of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;legacy shareholders) and approximately $89
000 of which (the &amp;#8220;Remaining Acquisition Payments&amp;#8221;) is allocated to the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;shareholders on a pro rata basis. $400
000 of the Aggregate Acquisition Payments were paid by February 11
 2021. The balance of the Aggregate&#13;Acquisition Payments
 including the Remaining Acquisition Payments
 are scheduled to be paid in monthly installments
 in arrears on the&#13;tenth calendar day of each month
 commencing on March 10
 2021
 at a rate equivalent to $2.00 per case of Lemin Superior Lemonade that&#13;Kona Gold and the Company sells until the Aggregate Acquisition Payments have been paid in full. In addition to the Aggregate Acquisition&#13;Payments

    
    
    
    

&#13;the Company considers all unrestricted


&#13;the Company considers all unrestricted


 accrued liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term&#13;nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy

 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted&#13;prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active

 &lt;i&gt;Distinguishing Liabilities&#13;from Equity
&lt;/i&gt; and ASC 815
 &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASC 815&amp;#8221;). Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair&#13;value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair&#13;value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the overall&#13;fair value of the financial instruments. In addition



 accrued liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term&#13;nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy

 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted&#13;prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active


 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit&#13;risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. If the Company becomes aware of a specific distributor&amp;#8217;s&#13;or reseller&amp;#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment of past&#13;due accounts receivable outstanding. Bad debt attributed to accounts receivable in the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $32
768&#13;and $14
160
 respectively. These amounts are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated&#13;Statements of Loss. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the opinion&#13;of management
 a provision was deemed necessary for uncollectible accounts for Kona and no provision was deemed necessary for Gold Leaf.&#13;The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were $3
967 and $5
019
 respectively


 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit&#13;risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. In the circumstance that the Company becomes aware&#13;of a specific customer&amp;#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment&#13;of past due accounts receivable outstanding. No bad debt was recorded in the accompanying statement of income years ending December 31
&#13;2020 and 2019
 respectively. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the&#13;opinion of management
 no provision is deemed necessary for sales returns and all accounts were deemed collectible at December 31
 2020&#13;and 2019
 respectively. The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts as of December 31
 20120 and 2019 is $24
280 and $0


 which approximates actual cost based on a first-in
 first-out method. The Company&amp;#8217;s inventories are valued at the lower&#13;cost or net realizable value. The Company&amp;#8217;s inventory consists almost entirely of finished and unfinished goods
 and freight
 which&#13;include CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 hemp energy drinks
 cans for production
 and merchandise and apparel. The Company periodically&#13;evaluates and adjusts inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The&#13;shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 all inventory was current


 no provision for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The&#13;shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and as of the balance sheet dated December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019








 plus the fair value of any noncontrolling&#13;interests in the acquiree
 over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill&#13;acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized

 are amortized

 for the year&#13;ending December 31
 2019
 there were no identifiable assets or liabilities; therefore
 the implied fair value of goodwill is zero. Based&#13;on this assessment
 goodwill was impaired by the full carrying amount of $61
000 at December 31
 2019
 see Note 4
 &lt;i&gt;Goodwill and Intangible&#13;Assets&lt;/i&gt;. Management determined that there was no impairment of trademarks for the year ending December 31
 2019
 see Note 4


 2019
 the Company adopted the&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board&amp;#8217;s (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic&#13;842)&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC Topic 842&amp;#8221;)
 which requires an entity to recognize a liability and corresponding asset for leases that meet&#13;certain criteria. The Company applied ASC Topic 842 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach
 the Company applied&#13;the new standards to all new leases
 and leases which have remaining obligations for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2018. The Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance
 which allowed&#13;the Company to carryforward historical lease classification
 and not reassess (i) whether a contract was or contained a lease
 and (ii)&#13;initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to January 1
 2019. Under this method
 the Company did not restate comparative&#13;periods in its financial statements. The Company presents right-of-use assets resulting from leases separately from other assets as noncurrent

 which comprises the initial&#13;amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date

 discounted using the interest rate implicit in&#13;the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined


 Returns

 which primarily includes its hemp energy drinks
 CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 and logo apparel
 to online customers or&#13;through resellers and distributors. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers&#13;several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 the Company&amp;#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of&#13;the products. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors
 and resellers when products that do not require&#13;further services by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance
 and when collectability&#13;is reasonably assured. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers&#13;in sales transactions related to shipping and handling

 and&#13;beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.&#13;In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant&#13;risks and rewards of products
 the Company&amp;#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue&#13;from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there&#13;are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior&#13;to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts&#13;billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling

 2019
 the Company adopted ASU&#13;No. 2014-09

 ASC Topic 606&#13;outlines a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)

 the Company recognizes&#13;revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
&#13;including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of&#13;products to its customers based on the written contract terms

 and it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&amp;#8217;s revenues are obtained&#13;in similar geographical locations within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&amp;#8217;s operations in each of its reporting segments&#13;are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers&#13;are essentially the same. The sales from the Company&amp;#8217;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment
 which the&#13;Company refers to as the Beverages Segment
 and the sales of the Company&amp;#8217;s products and products that are purchased from resellers&#13;that are distributed by Gold Leaf is organized as its second reportable segment
 which the Company refers to as the Distribution Segment.&#13;The Company has also determined that disaggregated revenue by net sales by revenue source would be meaningful and allow investors to understand&#13;its business activities
 historical performance
 or future prospects. Disaggregated sales by revenue source
 which includes sales to distributors
&#13;online sales
 sales through Amazon
 and Gold Leaf distribution sales
 is included in Note 16
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&lt;/i&gt;
 to the Consolidated Financial&#13;Statements. We also sell merchandise and apparel that comprises approximately 1% of the Company&amp;#8217;s gross annual sales
 and solely&#13;exists to promote its beverages. Therefore

 and allowance at the year ending December 31
 2020 and 2019 of approximately $28
707 and $51
159
 respectively
 which is&#13;included in the revenues


 we consider&#13;several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 our right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The&#13;Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors and resellers when products that do not require further services&#13;by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured.&#13;Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers in sales transactions related&#13;to shipping and handling

 and&#13;beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.&#13;In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant&#13;risks and rewards of products
 the Company&amp;#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue&#13;from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there&#13;are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior&#13;to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts&#13;billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling

 2019
 the Company adopted ASU&#13;No. 2014-09


 the Company recognizes&#13;revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
&#13;including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of&#13;products to its customers based on the written contract terms

 and&#13;it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&amp;#8217;s revenues are obtained in similar geographical locations&#13;within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&amp;#8217;s operations in each of its reporting segments are expected to have essentially&#13;the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers are essentially the same.&#13;The sales from the Company&amp;#8217;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment

    
    

 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an&#13;impairment review as of December 31


 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an&#13;impairment review as of December 31


 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes

 2020 and 2019


 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes

 2020 and December 31
 2019


 &lt;i&gt;Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(formerly
 FASB Statement 123R) (&amp;#8220;ASC Topic 718&amp;#8221;)
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based payment&#13;transactions in which employee and non-employee services are acquired. The Company measures the cost of employee and non-employee services&#13;received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Fair value for restricted stock&#13;awards is valued using the closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.00001 per share (the &amp;#8220;Common Stock&amp;#8221;)


 2020 and 2019
 were approximately $32
700 and $125
000
&#13;respectively
 which amounts were included in selling


 2020 and 2019
 were approximately $53
597 and $0
 respectively
&#13;which amounts were included in selling






&#13;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;




 &lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;280-10&amp;#8221;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires&#13;selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes&#13;standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of&#13;an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or&#13;decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company identified two operating segments&#13;that report revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined&#13;revenue
 internal and external
 of all the Company&amp;#8217;s operating segments. Furthermore

 consisting of the operations of Kona and HighDrate
&#13;and the Distribution Segment
 consisting of the operations of Gold Leaf. Specifically
 the Company has evaluated guidance in ASC 280-10&#13;and determined that aggregation is consistent with the objectives of ASC 280-10 in that aggregation into two reportable segments allows&#13;users of our financial statements to view the Company&amp;#8217;s business through the eyes of management based upon the way management reviews&#13;performance and makes decisions. Additional factors that were considered included: whether or not an operating segment has similar economic&#13;characteristics
 the nature of the products/services under each operating segment
 the nature of the production/go-to-market process
&#13;the type and geographic location of our customers
 and the distribution of our products/services. The Company further determined that&#13;its logo merchandise and apparel
 which revenue comprises approximately 1% of the Company&amp;#8217;s gross annual sales
 and solely exists&#13;for promotion purposes
 could be aggregated with the operations in the Beverages Segment. A description of the Company&amp;#8217;s products&#13;is contained in Note 1
 &lt;i&gt;Organization and Description of Business. &lt;/i&gt;For additional information regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s two&#13;reportable segments
 please see Note 17


 &lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;280-10&amp;#8221;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires&#13;selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes&#13;standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of&#13;an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or&#13;decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company identified one operating segment&#13;that reports revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined&#13;revenue
 internal and external


 the Company completed a private&#13;placement transaction (the &amp;#8220;2020 Private Placement&amp;#8221;) of three secured convertible debentures (the &amp;#8220;2020 Debentures&amp;#8221;)
&#13;convertible for up to 105
947
397 shares (the &amp;#8220;2020 Conversion Shares&amp;#8221;) of Common Stock and a Warrant to purchase Common Stock&#13;(the &amp;#8220;2020 Warrant&amp;#8221;)
 exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares of Common Stock (the &amp;#8220;2020 Warrant Shares&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant&#13;to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between an otherwise unaffiliated third-party investor (the &amp;#8220;Selling Stockholder&amp;#8221;)&#13;and the Company
 dated as of May 14
 2020 (the &amp;#8220;2020 SPA&amp;#8221;). The Company sold and issued the initial 2020 Debenture (the &amp;#8220;First&#13;2020 Debenture&amp;#8221;) and granted the Warrant promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the second 2020 Debenture&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Second 2020 Debenture&amp;#8221;) promptly after filing the registration statement on Form S-1 (the &amp;#8220;2020 Registration Statement&amp;#8221;)&#13;with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;). The Company sold and issued the third 2020 Debenture (the &amp;#8220;Third&#13;2020 Debenture&amp;#8221;) promptly after the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The Company agreed to register the 2020 Conversion&#13;Shares and 2020 Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement between the Selling Stockholder and Company
&#13;dated as of May 14

 the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the Conversion Shares and&#13;the Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing of the Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best&#13;efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness&#13;deadline
 or by the 5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the Registration Statement will&#13;not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company&#13;agreed to file the 2020 Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the 2020 Conversion Shares and the 2020 Warrant Shares&#13;within 45 calendar days following the closing of the 2020 Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have&#13;the 2020 Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
&#13;or by the 5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not&#13;be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments. Pursuant to the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company is&#13;subject to partial liquidated damages equal to 2.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA for any&#13;of the 2020 Debentures then held by the holder for failure to file the 2020 Registration Statement timely
 failure to file with the SEC&#13;a request for acceleration in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &amp;#8220;Securities&#13;Act&amp;#8221;)
 within five trading days after the date the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not be reviewed&#13;or is not subject to further review
 the 2020 Registration Statement is not declared effective by the effectiveness deadline
 if after&#13;effectiveness
 the 2020 Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as required or if the holders are&#13;not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell for more than 30 consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of 40 calendar&#13;days during any 12-month period
 or if after the six-month anniversary of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company does not&#13;have available adequate current public information as set forth in Rule 144(c). The parties agreed that the maximum aggregate liquidated&#13;damages payable to a holder of the 2020 Debentures under the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement is 24% of the aggregate purchase price&#13;paid by such holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA. The Selling Stockholder has agreed to waive this 30-consecutive-calendar-day provision for&#13;so long as the Company is utilizing its best efforts to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2020

 &lt;i&gt;Registration Payment Arrangements &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASC 825-20&amp;#8221;). Under ASC 825-20
&#13;the Company is required to disclose the nature and terms of the arrangement
 the maximum potential amount and to assess each reporting&#13;period the probable liability under these arrangements and
 if exists
 to record or adjust the liability to current period operations.&#13;ASC 825-20 specifies that the contingent obligation to make future payments or otherwise transfer consideration under a registration payment&#13;arrangement
 whether issued as a separate agreement or included as a provision of a financial instrument
 should be separately recognized&#13;and accounted for as a contingency in accordance with ASC 450-20
 &lt;i&gt;Loss Contingencies&lt;/i&gt;. The Company recorded no amount for this contingency&#13;in other expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020. As a result
 there was no contingency recorded as a liability as a component of&#13;accrued expenses as of December 31


&#13;issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies as of the period ending December 31
 2020. The Company does not expect&#13;a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 result of operations


 issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies as of the period ending September 30
 2020.&#13;The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 result of operations

    
    


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;CBD Energy Water&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;107
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Hemp Energy Drink&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;343
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;393
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Storm CBD Water&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Merchandise and Apparel&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unfilled Cans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Miscellaneous Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Point of Sale Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;660
504&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;686


&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lemin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;234
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;143
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trays
 Cans and Sleeves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;87
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;240
797&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;254



&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;57
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;52
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computers and Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery &amp;#38; Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;79
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(54
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(20
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;167
872&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;142



&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Star-up Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Website Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12
200&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;13


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Acquired goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;61
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(61


&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trademark (HighDrate)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Intangible Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;69
488&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;77


 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;69


 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Investment in Branded Legacy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful account&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note receivable


 which is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Employee stock awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;476
002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;290
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-employee stock awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;834
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;478
580&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
124


 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;68


 2021 &amp;#8211; December 31
 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;November 1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;798
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;798



 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted &lt;br /&gt;&#13;prices in &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Active &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Markets &lt;br /&gt;&#13;for &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Identical &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Assets &lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Other &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Observable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Inputs &lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Inputs&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible promissory notes with embedded conversion option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;361
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;361
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;361
152&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;361



 January 1
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 85%; padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Embedded conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debenture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Fair value
 June 30
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;148
628&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Embedded conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debentures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;108
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;b&gt;Fair value
 September 30
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;217
806&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(69
051&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Embedded conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debentures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;212
397&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value
 December 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;361


 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;154
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;160
631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;167
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;167
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;113
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 31.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;912


 2020 and 2019


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
072
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;378
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of right-of-use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(159
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use asset
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;912
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;338
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current portion of long-term lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;71
032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;763
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;286
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total operating lease liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;912
993&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;357


&#13;by revenue source

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 74%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distributors and Resellers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Online Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gold Leaf Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shipping&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales Returns


&#13;by revenue source
 and the period-over-period percentage change

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Source&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;% Change&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distributors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
315
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;438
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;133
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;87
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Online Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;93
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;55
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gold Leaf Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;332
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shipping&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales Returns and Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(51
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(28
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
631
653&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;910


&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;CURRENT ASSETS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;824
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;800
378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(146
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(40
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;783
612&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;804
557&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NON-CURRENT ASSETS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
063
074&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;514
312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;85
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Non-Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
156
853&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;564
873&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;CURRENT LIABILITIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
879
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
356
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;72
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;61
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
424
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;98
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3
376
248&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
515
646&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
616
018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
685
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;192
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 16.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Non-Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
808
368&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
844

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;REVENUES
 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
635
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;718
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;83
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;332
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(87
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(140
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Revenues
 Net of Sales
 Returns
 and Allowances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
631
653&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;910
227&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;COST OF REVENUES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
333
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;492
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;249
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(87
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(87
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Cost of Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
314
080&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;654
177&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;OPERATING EXPENSES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
372
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
729
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;150
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;276
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;608
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Operating Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3
588
608&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
614
824&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
483
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(724
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Other Income / (Expense)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1
483
366&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(766
821&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.95pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NET LOSS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beverages Segment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
586
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
548
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution Segment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(135
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(190
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 12.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate and Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(65
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
385
983&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Net Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1
787
669&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3
125


 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Accounts Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;22
166&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;119
771&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Sales Returns and Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51
1599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Doubtful Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10
508&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;63

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

    
    
    
    
    

000
000 shares
 representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
 $0.01 par value per share
 of BigSupersearch.com
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&#8220;BigSupersearch&#8221;)
 and 14
000
000 shares of its Series A preferred stock
 for $61
000
 which amount included the purchase price
 attorney fees



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;the Company considers all unrestricted

 accrued liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term&#13;nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy

 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted&#13;prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active

 &lt;i&gt;Distinguishing Liabilities&#13;from Equity
&lt;/i&gt; and ASC 815
 &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASC 815&amp;#8221;). Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair&#13;value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair&#13;value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the overall&#13;fair value of the financial instruments. In addition


 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit&#13;risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. If the Company becomes aware of a specific distributor&amp;#8217;s&#13;or reseller&amp;#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment of past&#13;due accounts receivable outstanding. Bad debt attributed to accounts receivable in the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $32
768&#13;and $14
160
 respectively. These amounts are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated&#13;Statements of Loss. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the opinion&#13;of management
 a provision was deemed necessary for uncollectible accounts for Kona and no provision was deemed necessary for Gold Leaf.&#13;The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were $3
967 and $5
019
 respectively

 which approximates actual cost based on a first-in
 first-out method. The Company&amp;#8217;s inventories are valued at the lower&#13;cost or net realizable value. The Company&amp;#8217;s inventory consists almost entirely of finished and unfinished goods
 and freight
 which&#13;include CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 hemp energy drinks
 cans for production
 and merchandise and apparel. The Company periodically&#13;evaluates and adjusts inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The&#13;shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 all inventory was current



 plus the fair value of any noncontrolling&#13;interests in the acquiree
 over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill&#13;acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized

 are amortized

 for the year&#13;ending December 31
 2019
 there were no identifiable assets or liabilities; therefore
 the implied fair value of goodwill is zero. Based&#13;on this assessment
 goodwill was impaired by the full carrying amount of $61
000 at December 31
 2019
 see Note 4
 &lt;i&gt;Goodwill and Intangible&#13;Assets&lt;/i&gt;. Management determined that there was no impairment of trademarks for the year ending December 31
 2019
 see Note 4

 2019
 the Company adopted the&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board&amp;#8217;s (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic&#13;842)&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC Topic 842&amp;#8221;)
 which requires an entity to recognize a liability and corresponding asset for leases that meet&#13;certain criteria. The Company applied ASC Topic 842 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach
 the Company applied&#13;the new standards to all new leases
 and leases which have remaining obligations for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2018. The Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance
 which allowed&#13;the Company to carryforward historical lease classification
 and not reassess (i) whether a contract was or contained a lease
 and (ii)&#13;initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to January 1
 2019. Under this method
 the Company did not restate comparative&#13;periods in its financial statements. The Company presents right-of-use assets resulting from leases separately from other assets as noncurrent

 which comprises the initial&#13;amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date

 discounted using the interest rate implicit in&#13;the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined

 Returns

 which primarily includes its hemp energy drinks
 CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 and logo apparel
 to online customers or&#13;through resellers and distributors. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers&#13;several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 the Company&amp;#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of&#13;the products. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors
 and resellers when products that do not require&#13;further services by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance
 and when collectability&#13;is reasonably assured. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers&#13;in sales transactions related to shipping and handling

 and&#13;beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.&#13;In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant&#13;risks and rewards of products
 the Company&amp;#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue&#13;from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there&#13;are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior&#13;to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts&#13;billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling

 2019
 the Company adopted ASU&#13;No. 2014-09

 ASC Topic 606&#13;outlines a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)

 the Company recognizes&#13;revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
&#13;including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of&#13;products to its customers based on the written contract terms

 and it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&amp;#8217;s revenues are obtained&#13;in similar geographical locations within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&amp;#8217;s operations in each of its reporting segments&#13;are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers&#13;are essentially the same. The sales from the Company&amp;#8217;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment
 which the&#13;Company refers to as the Beverages Segment
 and the sales of the Company&amp;#8217;s products and products that are purchased from resellers&#13;that are distributed by Gold Leaf is organized as its second reportable segment
 which the Company refers to as the Distribution Segment.&#13;The Company has also determined that disaggregated revenue by net sales by revenue source would be meaningful and allow investors to understand&#13;its business activities
 historical performance
 or future prospects. Disaggregated sales by revenue source
 which includes sales to distributors
&#13;online sales
 sales through Amazon
 and Gold Leaf distribution sales
 is included in Note 16
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&lt;/i&gt;
 to the Consolidated Financial&#13;Statements. We also sell merchandise and apparel that comprises approximately 1% of the Company&amp;#8217;s gross annual sales
 and solely&#13;exists to promote its beverages. Therefore

 and allowance at the year ending December 31
 2020 and 2019 of approximately $28
707 and $51
159
 respectively
 which is&#13;included in the revenues

 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an&#13;impairment review as of December 31

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes

 2020 and 2019

 &lt;i&gt;Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(formerly
 FASB Statement 123R) (&amp;#8220;ASC Topic 718&amp;#8221;)
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based payment&#13;transactions in which employee and non-employee services are acquired. The Company measures the cost of employee and non-employee services&#13;received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Fair value for restricted stock&#13;awards is valued using the closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.00001 per share (the &amp;#8220;Common Stock&amp;#8221;)

 2020 and 2019
 were approximately $32
700 and $125
000
&#13;respectively
 which amounts were included in selling


&#13;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;

 &lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;280-10&amp;#8221;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires&#13;selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes&#13;standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of&#13;an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or&#13;decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company identified two operating segments&#13;that report revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined&#13;revenue
 internal and external
 of all the Company&amp;#8217;s operating segments. Furthermore

 consisting of the operations of Kona and HighDrate
&#13;and the Distribution Segment
 consisting of the operations of Gold Leaf. Specifically
 the Company has evaluated guidance in ASC 280-10&#13;and determined that aggregation is consistent with the objectives of ASC 280-10 in that aggregation into two reportable segments allows&#13;users of our financial statements to view the Company&amp;#8217;s business through the eyes of management based upon the way management reviews&#13;performance and makes decisions. Additional factors that were considered included: whether or not an operating segment has similar economic&#13;characteristics
 the nature of the products/services under each operating segment
 the nature of the production/go-to-market process
&#13;the type and geographic location of our customers
 and the distribution of our products/services. The Company further determined that&#13;its logo merchandise and apparel
 which revenue comprises approximately 1% of the Company&amp;#8217;s gross annual sales
 and solely exists&#13;for promotion purposes
 could be aggregated with the operations in the Beverages Segment. A description of the Company&amp;#8217;s products&#13;is contained in Note 1
 &lt;i&gt;Organization and Description of Business. &lt;/i&gt;For additional information regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s two&#13;reportable segments
 please see Note 17

 the Company completed a private&#13;placement transaction (the &amp;#8220;2020 Private Placement&amp;#8221;) of three secured convertible debentures (the &amp;#8220;2020 Debentures&amp;#8221;)
&#13;convertible for up to 105
947
397 shares (the &amp;#8220;2020 Conversion Shares&amp;#8221;) of Common Stock and a Warrant to purchase Common Stock&#13;(the &amp;#8220;2020 Warrant&amp;#8221;)
 exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares of Common Stock (the &amp;#8220;2020 Warrant Shares&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant&#13;to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between an otherwise unaffiliated third-party investor (the &amp;#8220;Selling Stockholder&amp;#8221;)&#13;and the Company
 dated as of May 14
 2020 (the &amp;#8220;2020 SPA&amp;#8221;). The Company sold and issued the initial 2020 Debenture (the &amp;#8220;First&#13;2020 Debenture&amp;#8221;) and granted the Warrant promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the second 2020 Debenture&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Second 2020 Debenture&amp;#8221;) promptly after filing the registration statement on Form S-1 (the &amp;#8220;2020 Registration Statement&amp;#8221;)&#13;with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;). The Company sold and issued the third 2020 Debenture (the &amp;#8220;Third&#13;2020 Debenture&amp;#8221;) promptly after the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The Company agreed to register the 2020 Conversion&#13;Shares and 2020 Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement between the Selling Stockholder and Company
&#13;dated as of May 14

 the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the Conversion Shares and&#13;the Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing of the Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best&#13;efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness&#13;deadline
 or by the 5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the Registration Statement will&#13;not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company&#13;agreed to file the 2020 Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the 2020 Conversion Shares and the 2020 Warrant Shares&#13;within 45 calendar days following the closing of the 2020 Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have&#13;the 2020 Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
&#13;or by the 5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not&#13;be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments. Pursuant to the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company is&#13;subject to partial liquidated damages equal to 2.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA for any&#13;of the 2020 Debentures then held by the holder for failure to file the 2020 Registration Statement timely
 failure to file with the SEC&#13;a request for acceleration in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &amp;#8220;Securities&#13;Act&amp;#8221;)
 within five trading days after the date the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not be reviewed&#13;or is not subject to further review
 the 2020 Registration Statement is not declared effective by the effectiveness deadline
 if after&#13;effectiveness
 the 2020 Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as required or if the holders are&#13;not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell for more than 30 consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of 40 calendar&#13;days during any 12-month period
 or if after the six-month anniversary of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company does not&#13;have available adequate current public information as set forth in Rule 144(c). The parties agreed that the maximum aggregate liquidated&#13;damages payable to a holder of the 2020 Debentures under the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement is 24% of the aggregate purchase price&#13;paid by such holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA. The Selling Stockholder has agreed to waive this 30-consecutive-calendar-day provision for&#13;so long as the Company is utilizing its best efforts to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2020

 &lt;i&gt;Registration Payment Arrangements &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASC 825-20&amp;#8221;). Under ASC 825-20
&#13;the Company is required to disclose the nature and terms of the arrangement
 the maximum potential amount and to assess each reporting&#13;period the probable liability under these arrangements and
 if exists
 to record or adjust the liability to current period operations.&#13;ASC 825-20 specifies that the contingent obligation to make future payments or otherwise transfer consideration under a registration&#13;payment arrangement
 whether issued as a separate agreement or included as a provision of a financial instrument
 should be separately&#13;recognized and accounted for as a contingency in accordance with ASC 450-20
 &lt;i&gt;Loss Contingencies&lt;/i&gt;. The Company recorded no amount&#13;for this contingency in other expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020. As a result
 there was no contingency recorded as a liability&#13;as a component of accrued expenses as of December 31

 issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies as of the period ending December 31
 2020.&#13;The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 result of operations


&#13;the Company considers all unrestricted

 accrued liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term&#13;nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy

 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted&#13;prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active

 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit&#13;risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. In the circumstance that the Company becomes aware&#13;of a specific customer&amp;#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment&#13;of past due accounts receivable outstanding. No bad debt was recorded in the accompanying statement of income years ending December 31
&#13;2020 and 2019
 respectively. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the&#13;opinion of management
 no provision is deemed necessary for sales returns and all accounts were deemed collectible at December 31
 2020&#13;and 2019
 respectively. The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts as of December 31
 20120 and 2019 is $24
280 and $0

 no provision for obsolescence is deemed&#13;necessary. The shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and as of the balance sheet dated December 31
 2020 and December 31
&#13;2019



 we consider&#13;several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 our right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The&#13;Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors and resellers when products that do not require further services&#13;by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured.&#13;Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers in sales transactions related&#13;to shipping and handling

 and&#13;beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.&#13;In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant&#13;risks and rewards of products
 the Company&amp;#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue&#13;from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there&#13;are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior&#13;to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts&#13;billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling

 2019
 the Company adopted ASU&#13;No. 2014-09


 the Company recognizes&#13;revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
&#13;including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of&#13;products to its customers based on the written contract terms

 and&#13;it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&amp;#8217;s revenues are obtained in similar geographical locations&#13;within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&amp;#8217;s operations in each of its reporting segments are expected to have essentially&#13;the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers are essentially the same.&#13;The sales from the Company&amp;#8217;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment

 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an&#13;impairment review as of December 31

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes

 2020 and December 31
 2019

 2020 and 2019
 were approximately $53
597 and $0
 respectively
&#13;which amounts were included in selling



 &lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;280-10&amp;#8221;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires&#13;selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes&#13;standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of&#13;an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or&#13;decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company identified one operating segment&#13;that reports revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined&#13;revenue
 internal and external

 issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies as of the period ending September 30
 2020.&#13;The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 result of operations

    
    
    
    
    

 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

 the Company completed the 2020&#13;Private Placement of the 2020 Debentures and the 2020 Warrant pursuant to the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the First 2020 Debenture&#13;and granted the 2020 Warrant promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the Second 2020 Debenture promptly after&#13;filing the 2020 Registration Statement initially with the SEC. The Company sold and issued the Third 2020 Debenture promptly after the&#13;SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The 2020 Debentures are due 12 months from their respective issuance dates and are&#13;secured by all of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and the assets of each of its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain Security Agreement by&#13;and among the Selling Stockholder
 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries
 and the Company. Initially
 the 2020 Debentures are convertible at&#13;the lower of (i) the fixed conversion price
 which is $0.05 per share
 subject to adjustment (the &amp;#8220;2020 Fixed Conversion Price&amp;#8221;)
&#13;or (ii) 80% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (&amp;#8220;VWAP&amp;#8221;) of our Common Stock during the 15 trading days immediately&#13;preceding the conversion date
 subject to adjustment (the &amp;#8220;2020 Market Conversion Price&amp;#8221;). The 2020 Debentures contain an&#13;adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of its Common Stock&#13;or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse&#13;stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment&#13;of the conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. The 2020 Debentures are subject to a &amp;#8220;conversion blocker&amp;#8221; such that the Selling&#13;Stockholder cannot convert any portion of the 2020 Debentures that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates holding&#13;more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such conversion (excluding
 for purposes of such&#13;determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 2020 Debentures or exercise of the 2020 Warrant that had not&#13;then been converted or exercised
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &amp;#8220;conversion blocker&amp;#8221; to 9.99%&#13;upon at least 65 days&amp;#8217; prior written notice to the Company. The 2020 Debentures accrue interest at an annual rate equal to 8% and&#13;are due and payable on their respective maturity dates (or sooner if the Selling Stockholder converts the 2020 Debentures or otherwise&#13;accelerates the maturity date
 as provided for in the 2020 Debentures). Interest is payable either in cash or
 if certain Equity Conditions&#13;(as defined in the 2020 Debentures) are then satisfied

 it has the&#13;right to redeem
 in part or in whole
 the outstanding principal and interest under the 2020 Debentures prior to their respective maturity&#13;dates; &lt;i&gt;provided&lt;/i&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;that&lt;/i&gt;
 as of the date of the holder&amp;#8217;s receipt of the redemption notice
 (i) the VWAP of the Common&#13;Stock is less than the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price
 initially $0.05 per share
 and (ii) there is no Equity Conditions failure. The Company&#13;must pay an amount equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus outstanding and accrued interest thereon
 as well as a redemption&#13;premium equal to 15% of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed (the &amp;#8220;Redemption Premium&amp;#8221;). The Company must provide&#13;the holder 15 business days&amp;#8217; advance notice of its intent to make a redemption

 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of the Common Stock or common&#13;stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
&#13;recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends

 the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the Conversion Shares and&#13;the Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing of the 2020 Private Placement. The Company also agreed
 among other things

 the purchase price&#13;for the First 2020 Debenture was $250
000
 less $15
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &amp;#8220;original issue discount&amp;#8221;&#13;of $10
000 and $5
000 as a structuring fee. On December 23
 2020
 the Company converted $100
000 of the principal of
 and $12
274 of&#13;accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture into 8
255
438 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 see Note 11
 &lt;i&gt;equity transactions&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the First 2020 Debenture is $150

 the purchase price&#13;for the Second 2020 Debenture was $250
000
 less $10
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &amp;#8220;original issue discount&amp;#8221;&#13;of $10
000 fee. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the Second 2020 Debenture is $250

 the purchase price&#13;for the Third 2020 Debenture was $500
000
 less $20
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &amp;#8220;original issue discount&amp;#8221;&#13;of $10
000 fee. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the Third 2020 Debenture is $500

 as of the date of issuance
 with the valuation offset against additional paid in capital
 and at each reporting date
 with&#13;changes in fair value recorded as gains or losses on revaluation in other income (expense). The Company identified embedded features in&#13;the 2020 Debentures

&amp;#160;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dividend Yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Risk-Free Interest Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;361


 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted &lt;br /&gt;&#13;prices in &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Active &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Markets &lt;br /&gt;&#13;for &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Identical &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Assets &lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Other &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Observable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Inputs &lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;Inputs&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible promissory notes with embedded conversion option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;361
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;361
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;361
152&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;361


 January 1
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 85%; padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Embedded conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debenture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Fair value
 June 30
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;148
628&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Embedded conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debentures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;108
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;b&gt;Fair value
 September 30
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;217
806&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of debenture included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(69
051&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Embedded conversion option liability recorded in connection with the issuance of debentures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;212
397&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value
 December 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;361

 subject to adjustment. If the Company fails to maintain an effective registration statement with&#13;the SEC covering the resale of the 2020 Warrant Shares
 or if an Event of Default (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing

 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the exercise price if the Company issues shares of our Common Stock or common stock equivalents&#13;at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of the 2020 Warrant. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
&#13;mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends

&#13;for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2020 Warrant or conversion of the 2020 Debentures&#13;that had not then been exercised or converted

 2020
&#13;the Company granted the 2020 Warrant that was immediately exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares of Common Stock. The 2020 Warrant was&#13;fully expensed as an interest expense related to the 2020 Warrant issued in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated&#13;by the 2020 SPA
 and no liability was recorded as of December 31


&amp;#160;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dividend Yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Risk-Free Interest Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;361






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

	  
	  
	  



 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

	  
	  
	  



 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

	  
	  
	  



 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      


      



 Inputs




 Inputs




 Inputs



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $3
967 and $5
019



      


      


      


      


      



 plant and equipment












 net of allowance $1
500
000 and $0



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      







 $.00001 par value
 2
500
000
000 authorized
 786
308
041 and 763
967
603
 issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


      


      


      



































 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES OF $28
707 AND $51
159



      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

















































      

































      
















      


      








      

      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 by revenue source



      


      


      

      



 Plant and Equipment


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      



 Plant and Equipment



      


 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      




      


      


      


      


      






      










      





      













      






      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


























      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 converted instrument
















 converted instrument


      






      






      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      

      










      

      

      


      


 net of sales
 returns


      


      


      

      


      


      










      

      

      


      


      

      









      

      


      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      







      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)





      

      


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



 Impairment Loss





      




      




      


 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Apr. 12
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020































  2020













































 INC.
















Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code


































































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



726
839
































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











168


223



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $3
967 and $5
019
 respectively



593





876


876





504


922





572


943





120


557










Property
 plant and equipment
 net

872


406



Right-of-use asset
 net

993


304



Intangible property
 net

488


663



Note receivable
 net of allowance $1
500
000 and $0
 respectively








500


500





156
853


873





950
973


369
430












599


438





508







469


364





000


000





407


032





000







152







500







386
497


386
500





624


312





386
756


515
646












470


470





495
151


092
151



Note payable - related party
 net of current

000


000





161





Lease liability
 net of current

586


139





195
124


360
406

















Common Stock
 $.00001 par value
 2
500
000
000 authorized
 786
308
041 and 763
967
603
 issued and outstanding
 respectively

863


640





565







746
447


155
775





280
036)


154
441)





244
151)


990
976)





950
973


369
430

















Preferred Stock
 value




















Preferred Stock
 value




















Preferred Stock
 value




















Preferred Stock
 value
























075



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $3
967 and $5
019
 respectively

438


094





797


996





235


165










Property
 plant and equipment
 net

200


168





435


333












782


603





362







915







667


553





761


760





487


916










Note payable - related party
 net of current



000





487


916










Common Stock
 $.00001 par value
 2
500
000
000 authorized
 786
308
041 and 763
967
603
 issued and outstanding
 respectively

500


500





701


701





394
253)


784)





052)


583)





435


333











































































































































































































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The carrying amount of the asset transferred to a third party to serve as a deposit
 which typically serves as security against failure by the transferor to perform under terms of an agreement.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)



























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable
 classified as current. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes and loan receivable.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.



















































































































Amount
 after allowance
 of receivables classified as other
 due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.












































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




967


019





500
000





Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares issued

140


988
000



Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding

140


988
000



Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorised

500
000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 shares issued

308
041


967
603



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

308
041


967
603










Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares authorised

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 shares issued



000
000



Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding



000
000










Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares authorised

200
000


200
000



Preferred Stock
 shares issued

000


000



Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding

000


000










Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares authorised



300
000



Preferred Stock
 shares issued






Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding













Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares authorised

000


000



Preferred Stock
 shares issued

000


000



Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding

000


000












280





Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorised

000


000



Common Stock
 shares issued

000


000



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

000


000




































Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


REVENUES
 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES OF $28
707 AND $51
159
 RESPECTIVELY

227


631
653





177


314
080





050


573










Selling
 general and administrative expenses

594
725


074
448





099


514
160





358
774)


271
035)












837)


986)





000)







565)







557)







152)







000







290


498
352





125
595)


787
669)












469
306


868
609
























REVENUES
 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES OF $28
707 AND $51
159
 RESPECTIVELY

972


261





609


891





363


370










Selling
 general and administrative expenses

627


010
565





264)


195)












915)


597)



Income tax expense
 net

290)







469)


792)












000


000





























































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).














































































































































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.





























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











707


159












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Beginning balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018

965
449


909
000









Beginning balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2018

420




160
748


366
772)


200
545)



Common Stock Issued for Compensation
 shares

100
000











Common Stock Issued for Compensation
 value





049




100)



Common Stock Issued in Exchange for Trademark
 shares

000











Common Stock Issued in Exchange for Trademark
 value





245




250



Common Stock Issued for Sponsorship Agreements
 shares

500











Common Stock Issued for Sponsorship Agreements
 value





387




388)



Shares of Stock Cancelled
 shares

860
346)


000)









Shares of Stock Cancelled
 value





846)




502)



Common Stock Issued in Exchange for Services
 shares

000
000











Common Stock Issued in Exchange for Services
 value





900




000



Preferred Stock Conversion to Common Shares
 shares

000
000


000)









Preferred Stock Conversion to Common Shares
 value

710




707)















787
669)


787
669)



Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2019

967
603


988
000









Ending balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2019

640




155
777


154
441)


990
976)



Common Stock Issued for Compensation
 shares

000
000











Common Stock Issued for Compensation
 value





900




002)



Common Stock Issued for Sponsorship Agreements
 shares

000











Common Stock Issued for Sponsorship Agreements
 value





577




578)









565




565



Common Stock Conversion to Preferred Stock
 shares












Common Stock Conversion to Preferred Stock
 value












Preferred Stock Conversion to Common Shares
 shares

000
000


000
000)









Preferred Stock Conversion to Common Shares
 value












Accrued Common Stock Issues for Compensation
 shares












Accrued Common Stock Issues for Compensation
 value












Common Stock Issued for Conversion of Convertible Debt
 shares

255
438











Common Stock Issued for Conversion of Convertible Debt
 value





191




274











125
595)


125
595)



Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2020

308
041


140.00









Ending balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2020

863




028
012


280
036)


244
151)



















































































































































































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018

000









Beginning balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2018

500




008


508







701




701









792)


792)



Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2019

000









Ending balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2019

500


701


784)


583)







000




000









469)


469)



Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2020

000









Ending balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2020

500


701


394
253)


052)































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Total amount of stockholders' equity (deficit) items including stock value
 paid in capital
 retained earnings and including equity attributable to noncontrolling interests and before deducting the carrying value of treasury stock.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











125
595)


787
669)












206


024







000





578


388





002


100





565














581


543)







876)





418


405)







134





109)


001)







500)





820)


013)





163


456





105


126





500














312


261





152







822


171





370
123)


230
347)










Purchases of property
 plant and equipment

541)


687)







250





175


750)







648





366)


539)



















000)


000





000


092
151







000





012
274







161







498
435


407
151





945


265





223


958





168


223



















877


158














500



















469)


792)


























656


094)





199


888)





821)


338





915







886)


083





438)


613)










Purchases of property
 plant and equipment






















001


752





001


752





437)


139





075


936







075












290







915


597























































































































































































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the period in the carrying value of derivative instruments reported as liabilities that are due to be disposed of within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.









































































































































































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The net cash outflow or inflow from purchases
 sales and disposals of property
 plant and equipment and other productive assets
 including intangibles.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.






















































































The cash inflow from sales of all investments
 including securities and other assets
 having ready marketability and intended by management to be liquidated
 if necessary
 within the current operating cycle. Includes cash flows from securities classified as trading securities that were acquired for reasons other than sale in the short-term.




























The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).




























Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
(&#8220;Kona Gold
&#8221; the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 owns and operates a line
of premier CBD lifestyle brand products. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: Kona Gold LLC
 a Delaware
limited liability company (&#8220;Kona&#8221;)
 HighDrate LLC
 a Florida limited liability company (&#8220;HighDrate&#8221;)
 and Gold
Leaf Distribution LLC
 a Florida limited liability company (&#8220;Gold Leaf&#8221;). In February 2021
 the Company acquired all of the
capital stock of S and S Beverage
.) The Company is primarily focused on product development
in the functional beverage sector. Kona Gold creates hemp-infused energy drinks
 which includes hemp energy drinks
 CBD energy water
and also sells Kona Gold merchandise and apparel
 which promotes the Company&#8217;s beverages. HighDrate focuses on the development and
marketing of CBD-infused energy waters geared towards the fitness and wellness markets. Gold Leaf focuses on the distribution of premium
beverages and snacks in key markets.


through resellers
 the Company&#8217;s websites
 and distributors that span across 27 states. The Company&#8217;s products are available
in wide variety of stores
 including convenience and grocery stores
 smoke shops
 and gift shops.


 the terms &#8220;Kona Gold
&#8221;
the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our
 refer to Kona Gold individually or
 as the context requires
collectively with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.







    
    
Includes three types of beverage products: (i) hemp-infused energy drinks
 (ii) CBD-infused energy water
 and (iii) CBD-infused high-alkaline water
 as well as apparel with the Kona Gold logo. The Beverages Segment includes all of Kona&#8217;s and HighDrate&#8217;s operations. Additional information regarding these products is below. The Company considers this a single operating segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
 the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management. The Company does not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical to present such information.




    
    
Includes the distribution of premium beverages and snacks in key markets. These markets include over 600 accounts in grocery stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. In addition to distributing the Company&#8217;s own beverage products
 the Company also distributes other products
 including alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused jellybeans
 all of which complement the Company&#8217;s current product offerings. The Distribution Segment includes all of Gold Leaf&#8217;s operations.





is available in both regular and sugar-free options. These energy drinks are infused with organic hemp protein powder and contain essential
vitamins and ingredients that give consumers a natural energy boost. Hemp protein contains no gluten and is compatible with a variety
of diets
 including vegan and Kosher. Our hemp energy drinks are available in eight flavors: classic hemp
 platinum hemp
 sugar-free hemp
cherry vanilla
 bubble gum
 candy apple
 cotton candy
 and pink grapefruit.



is great tasting
 sugar-free
 and powered by the patented technology of Alkame Holdings Inc.&#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Alkame Water
Inc. (&#8220;Alkame&#8221;)
 which uses its advanced water treatment to create a premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants.
Alkame believes that
 pursuant to a double-blind placebo
 peer-backed research project that it conducted
 its Level 2 &#8211; inputs other
than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets technology can boost the immune system and physical performance.
HighDrate&#8217;s CBD-infused energy water contains 80 mg of caffeine and 10 mg of CBD. The Company believes that CBD aids the body&#8217;s
endocannabinoid system in neuroprotection
 stress recovery
 immune balance
 and homeostatic regulation. HighDrate&#8217;s CBD-infused
energy water is available in six flavors: watermelon
 kiwi strawberry
 tropical coconut
 Georgia peach
 sour apple
 and blue island punch.


is a high-alkaline CBD-infused water. This water is also powered by Alkame&#8217;s patented technology
 which uses its advanced water
treatment to create a premium oxygenated alkaline water with natural antioxidants. Storm high-alkaline CBD water contains 20 mg of CBD.


Company uses only high-quality textiles and specialty inks and foils
 which provide consumers with a premium fit and feel. The Company
currently offers shirts
 tanks
 hats
 and towels for sale.




 the World Health Organization
(the &#8220;WHO&#8221;) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) that originated
in Wuhan
 China and generated significant risks to the international community as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin.
In March 2020
 the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid increase in global exposure. The COVID-19 pandemic
is disrupting businesses and affecting production and sales across a range of industries
 as well as causing volatility in the financial
markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company&#8217;s consumer demand
 sales
 and financial performance will
depend on certain developments
 including
 among other things
 the duration and spread of the outbreak and the impact on the Company&#8217;s
consumers and employees
 all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Management is actively monitoring this situation and potential
impacts on our financial condition
 liquidity
 and results of operations.












 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
a Wisconsin Corporation
 owns and operates a line of superior lemonade products in four distinct flavors under the Lemin brand. The Company
is primarily focused on product development in the functional beverage sector.


Segment Reporting 280-10 (&#8220;ASC 280-10&#8221;) establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual
financial statements and requires selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders.
ASC 280-10 also establishes standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are
identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief
operating decision maker
 or decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The information
disclosed herein materially represents all the financial information related to the Company&#8217;s only material principal operating
segment.


through resellers
 the Company website
 and distributors that span across the United States. The Company&#8217;s products are available
in wide variety of stores
 including convenience and grocery stores
 and gift shops.




 the World Health Organization
(the &#8220;WHO&#8221;) announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) that originated
in Wuhan
 China and generated significant risks to the international community as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin.
In March 2020
 the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid increase in global exposure. The COVID-19 pandemic
is disrupting businesses and affecting production and sales across a range of industries
 as well as causing volatility in the financial
markets. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company&#8217;s consumer demand
 sales
 and financial performance will
depend on certain developments
 including
 among other things
 the duration and spread of the outbreak and the impact on the Company&#8217;s
consumers and employees
 all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Management is actively monitoring this situation and potential
impacts on our financial condition
 liquidity
 and results of operations.







The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






    
    
    



are unaudited and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated in consolidation. These unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting
and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) in the United States.&#160;



    
    
    



statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Estimates also affect the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual events and results could differ from those assumptions and estimates.




    
    
    



the Company considers all unrestricted
 highly liquid investments with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.



    
    
    



are determined at discrete points in time based on relevant market information. These estimates involve uncertainties and cannot be determined
with precision. The carrying amounts of accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term
nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in
the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value. A fair value hierarchy has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest
priority to quoted price in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair
value hierarch is as follows:


for identical assets or liabilities;


that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted
prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or


are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


with features of both liabilities and equity under Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 480

from Equity

(&#8220;ASC 815&#8221;). Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair
value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair
value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the overall
fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
 the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments such as warrant and option
derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes models.


methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were determined by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model based on various assumptions. The Company&#8217;s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.



    
    
    



value. The Company determines provisions for uncollectible accounts
 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit
risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. If the Company becomes aware of a specific distributor&#8217;s
or reseller&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment of past
due accounts receivable outstanding. Bad debt attributed to accounts receivable in the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $32
768
and $14
160
 respectively. These amounts are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Loss. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the opinion
of management
 a provision was deemed necessary for uncollectible accounts for Kona and no provision was deemed necessary for Gold Leaf.
The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were $3
967 and $5
019
 respectively
 as reflected in
the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.




    
    
    



cost method
 which approximates actual cost based on a first-in
 first-out method. The Company&#8217;s inventories are valued at the lower
cost or net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s inventory consists almost entirely of finished and unfinished goods
 and freight
 which
include CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 hemp energy drinks
 cans for production
 and merchandise and apparel. The Company periodically
evaluates and adjusts inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The
shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 all inventory was current
 as reflected in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets.



    
    
Property
 Plant and Equipment



 plant and equipment are reported
on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet at cost less accumulated depreciation. Assets with a useful life greater than one year
and cost greater than $100 are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.


method over the estimated useful lives of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

(in years)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    



and is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred
 plus the fair value of any noncontrolling
interests in the acquiree
 over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill
acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized
 but tested for impairment
at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exist that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed.
The Company has selected December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test.


lived and definite lived assets. Trademarks are deemed to have definite useful lives of ten years
 are amortized
 and are tested annually
for impairment.&#160;Intangible assets are reported on the balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization. The Company has selected
December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test.


 for the year
ending December 31
 2019
 there were no identifiable assets or liabilities; therefore
 the implied fair value of goodwill is zero. Based
on this assessment
 goodwill was impaired by the full carrying amount of $61
000 at December 31
 2019
 see Note 4

Assets
 2019
 see Note 4

and Intangible Assets




    
    
    



 2019
 the Company adopted the
Financial Accounting Standards Board&#8217;s (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2016-02

842)
 which requires an entity to recognize a liability and corresponding asset for leases that meet
certain criteria. The Company applied ASC Topic 842 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach
 the Company applied
the new standards to all new leases
 and leases which have remaining obligations for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2018. The Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance
 which allowed
the Company to carryforward historical lease classification
 and not reassess (i) whether a contract was or contained a lease
 and (ii)
initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to January 1
 2019. Under this method
 the Company did not restate comparative
periods in its financial statements. The Company presents right-of-use assets resulting from leases separately from other assets as noncurrent
and amortized accordingly. The corresponding lease liabilities are presented separately from other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheet.


and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost
 which comprises the initial
amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date
 plus any initial direct costs incurred.
The amortization period for the right-of-use asset is from the lease commencement date to the earlier of the end of the lease term or
the end of the useful life of the asset.


at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date
 discounted using the interest rate implicit in
the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined
 the incremental borrowing rate or the risk-free rate with the election of the
practical expedient. The Company has elected to use the risk-free rate.&#160;



    
    
Revenue and Provision for Sales
 Returns
 and Allowances



its products
 which primarily includes its hemp energy drinks
 CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 and logo apparel
 to online customers or
through resellers and distributors. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers
several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 the Company&#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of
the products. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors
 and resellers when products that do not require
further services by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance
 and when collectability
is reasonably assured. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers
in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in net sales.
Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.


 and
beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.
In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant
risks and rewards of products
 the Company&#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue
from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there
are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior
to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts
billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included
in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.



 2019
 the Company adopted ASU
No. 2014-09
 (&#8220;ASC Topic 606&#8221;). The underlying principle of ASC Topic
606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at the amount expected to be collected. The implementation
of Topic ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial statements and no cumulative effect adjustment was recognized.


 ASC Topic 606
outlines a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
 which includes:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 the Company recognizes
revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of
products to its customers based on the written contract terms
 which is also when control is transferred.


the guidance in ASC 606-10-50-5 and the related implementation guidance to determine disaggregation of revenues that would be meaningful.
The majority of the Company&#8217;s revenue earned from its Beverages Segment and its Distribution Segment is recognized when it satisfies
a single performance obligation by transferring control of its products to a customer. The Company does not have significant financing
component or payment terms
 and it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&#8217;s revenues are obtained
in similar geographical locations within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&#8217;s operations in each of its reporting segments
are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers
are essentially the same. The sales from the Company&#8217;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment
 which the
Company refers to as the Beverages Segment
 and the sales of the Company&#8217;s products and products that are purchased from resellers
that are distributed by Gold Leaf is organized as its second reportable segment
 which the Company refers to as the Distribution Segment.
The Company has also determined that disaggregated revenue by net sales by revenue source would be meaningful and allow investors to understand
its business activities
 historical performance
 or future prospects. Disaggregated sales by revenue source
 which includes sales to distributors
online sales
 sales through Amazon
 and Gold Leaf distribution sales
 is included in Note 16
 
 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. We also sell merchandise and apparel that comprises approximately 1% of the Company&#8217;s gross annual sales
 and solely
exists to promote its beverages. Therefore
 the Company&#8217;s merchandise and apparel products are not a reportable segment. Merchandise
and apparel sales are included with the gross sales for its Beverages Segment.


certain limited rights of return. The Company records an allowance and return for each quarter for 3% of total sales. The Company recorded
sales return
 and allowance at the year ending December 31
 2020 and 2019 of approximately $28
707 and $51
159
 respectively
 which is
included in the revenues
 net of sales returns and allowances in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.




    
    
    



associated with the delivery and distribution of products. These include expenses related to direct procurement costs and shipping and
handling costs. The Company bills shipping and handling fees charged to customers as part of sales and the associated expense as part
of cost of revenues. The costs are charged to cost of revenues in the same period that the associated revenue is earned.



    
    
    



for financial impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets used in operations by measuring the carrying amount of the assets against
their estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If such evaluations indicated that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived
assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an
impairment review as of December 31
 2020 and determined long-lived assets were not impaired.&#160;



    
    
    



accordance with FASB ASC 740

 
It requires a two-step approach to evaluate tax positions and determine if they should be recognized in the financial statements. The
two-step approach involves recognizing tax positions that are &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; to occur and then measuring those positions
to determine if they are recognizable in the financial statements. Management regularly reviews and analyzes all tax and has determined
that no uncertain tax positions requiring recognition have occurred.


uncertain tax positions as of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



    
    
    



 
(formerly
 FASB Statement 123R) (&#8220;ASC Topic 718&#8221;)
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based payment
transactions in which employee and non-employee services are acquired. The Company measures the cost of employee and non-employee services
received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Fair value for restricted stock
awards is valued using the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.00001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;)
on the date of grant.


restricted stock award as of the date of grant using the closing price as reported by the OTC Markets Group Inc. (the &#8220;OTCM&#8221;)
on the date of grant. The fair value determined represents the cost for the award and is recognized over the vesting period during which
an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. The Company accounts for forfeitures of restricted stock as they
occur.&#160;



    
    
    



and promotions as incurred. The Company includes in advertising costs inventory given away as promotional merchandise or free samples
to create sales. Advertising and promotion costs for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 were approximately $32
700 and $125
000
respectively
 which amounts were included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Loss.




    
    
    



institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. The Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the credit worthiness of the financial institutions and had determined
the credit exposure to be negligible.&#160;



    
    
    




 basic income (loss) per common share is calculated using the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the periods reported. Diluted earnings per share include the weighted average effect of all dilutive securities outstanding during
the periods presented.


per-share loss when there is a loss from continuing operations.&#160;



    
    
    



 (&#8220;ASC
280-10&#8221;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires
selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes
standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of
an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or
decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company identified two operating segments
that report revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined
revenue
 internal and external
 of all the Company&#8217;s operating segments. Furthermore
 each of the operating segments have assets
that are 10% or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.


to the identification of its two reportable segments &#8211; the Beverages Segment
 consisting of the operations of Kona and HighDrate
and the Distribution Segment
 consisting of the operations of Gold Leaf. Specifically
 the Company has evaluated guidance in ASC 280-10
and determined that aggregation is consistent with the objectives of ASC 280-10 in that aggregation into two reportable segments allows
users of our financial statements to view the Company&#8217;s business through the eyes of management based upon the way management reviews
performance and makes decisions. Additional factors that were considered included: whether or not an operating segment has similar economic
characteristics
 the nature of the products/services under each operating segment
 the nature of the production/go-to-market process
the type and geographic location of our customers
 and the distribution of our products/services. The Company further determined that
its logo merchandise and apparel
 which revenue comprises approximately 1% of the Company&#8217;s gross annual sales
 and solely exists
for promotion purposes
 could be aggregated with the operations in the Beverages Segment. A description of the Company&#8217;s products
is contained in Note 1
For additional information regarding the Company&#8217;s two
reportable segments
 please see Note 17
 




    
    
    



 the Company completed a private
placement transaction (the &#8220;2020 Private Placement&#8221;) of three secured convertible debentures (the &#8220;2020 Debentures&#8221;)
convertible for up to 105
947
397 shares (the &#8220;2020 Conversion Shares&#8221;) of Common Stock and a Warrant to purchase Common Stock
(the &#8220;2020 Warrant&#8221;)
 exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares of Common Stock (the &#8220;2020 Warrant Shares&#8221;)
 pursuant
to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between an otherwise unaffiliated third-party investor (the &#8220;Selling Stockholder&#8221;)
and the Company
 dated as of May 14
 2020 (the &#8220;2020 SPA&#8221;). The Company sold and issued the initial 2020 Debenture (the &#8220;First
2020 Debenture&#8221;) and granted the Warrant promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the second 2020 Debenture
(the &#8220;Second 2020 Debenture&#8221;) promptly after filing the registration statement on Form S-1 (the &#8220;2020 Registration Statement&#8221;)
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). The Company sold and issued the third 2020 Debenture (the &#8220;Third
2020 Debenture&#8221;) promptly after the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The Company agreed to register the 2020 Conversion
Shares and 2020 Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement between the Selling Stockholder and Company
dated as of May 14
 2020 (the &#8220;2020 Registration Rights Agreement&#8221;).


Rights Agreement
 the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the Conversion Shares and
the Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing of the Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best
efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness
deadline
 trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the Registration Statement will
not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company
agreed to file the 2020 Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the 2020 Conversion Shares and the 2020 Warrant Shares
within 45 calendar days following the closing of the 2020 Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have
the 2020 Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
 trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not
be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments. Pursuant to the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company is
subject to partial liquidated damages equal to 2.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA for any
of the 2020 Debentures then held by the holder for failure to file the 2020 Registration Statement timely
 failure to file with the SEC
a request for acceleration in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities
Act&#8221;)
 within five trading days after the date the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not be reviewed
or is not subject to further review
 the 2020 Registration Statement is not declared effective by the effectiveness deadline
 if after
effectiveness
 the 2020 Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as required or if the holders are
not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell for more than 30 consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of 40 calendar
days during any 12-month period
 or if after the six-month anniversary of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company does not
have available adequate current public information as set forth in Rule 144(c). The parties agreed that the maximum aggregate liquidated
damages payable to a holder of the 2020 Debentures under the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement is 24% of the aggregate purchase price
paid by such holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA. The Selling Stockholder has agreed to waive this 30-consecutive-calendar-day provision for
so long as the Company is utilizing its best efforts to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
and promptly thereafter files a Post-Effective Amendment to the 2020 Registration Statement.


agreements in accordance with ASC subtopic 825-20
(&#8220;ASC 825-20&#8221;). Under ASC 825-20
the Company is required to disclose the nature and terms of the arrangement
 the maximum potential amount and to assess each reporting
period the probable liability under these arrangements and
 if exists
 to record or adjust the liability to current period operations.
ASC 825-20 specifies that the contingent obligation to make future payments or otherwise transfer consideration under a registration
payment arrangement
 whether issued as a separate agreement or included as a provision of a financial instrument
 should be separately
recognized and accounted for as a contingency in accordance with ASC 450-20
. The Company recorded no amount
for this contingency in other expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020. As a result
 there was no contingency recorded as a liability
as a component of accrued expenses as of December 31
 2020.



    
    
    



accounting pronouncements
 issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies as of the period ending December 31
 2020.
The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 result of operations
 or cash flows from these
pronouncements.









NOTE 2 &#8211; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES



    
    
    



are unaudited and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated in consolidation. These unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting
and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) in the United States.



    
    
    



statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Estimates also affect the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual events and results could differ from those assumptions and estimates.



    
    
    



the Company considers all unrestricted
 highly liquid investments with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.



    
    
    



are determined at discrete points in time based on relevant market information. These estimates involve uncertainties and cannot be determined
with precision. The carrying amounts of accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term
nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in
the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value. A fair value hierarchy has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest
priority to quoted price in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair
value hierarch is as follows:


for identical assets or liabilities;


that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted
prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or


are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.



    
    
    



value. The Company determines provisions for uncollectible accounts
 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit
risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. In the circumstance that the Company becomes aware
of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment
of past due accounts receivable outstanding. No bad debt was recorded in the accompanying statement of income years ending December 31
2020 and 2019
 respectively. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the
opinion of management
 no provision is deemed necessary for sales returns and all accounts were deemed collectible at December 31
 2020
and 2019
 respectively. The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts as of December 31
 20120 and 2019 is $24
280 and $0
 respectively.



    
    
    



at the lower cost or net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s inventories consist almost entirely of finished goods and freight. We
periodically evaluate and adjust inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision for obsolescence is deemed
necessary. The shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and as of the balance sheet dated December 31
 2020 and December 31
2019
 all inventory is current.



    
    
Property
 plant and equipment



 plant and equipment are reported
on the balance sheet at cost less accumulated depreciation. Assets with a useful life greater than one year and cost greater than $100
are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.


method over the estimated useful lives of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

(in years)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    



sales include Lemin branded lemonade drinks. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 we consider
several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 our right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The
Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors and resellers when products that do not require further services
by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured.
Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers in sales transactions related
to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling
are included in cost of products sold.


 and
beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.
In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant
risks and rewards of products
 the Company&#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue
from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there
are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior
to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts
billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included
in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.


 2019
 the Company adopted ASU
No. 2014-09
 (&#8220;ASC Topic 606&#8221;). The underlying principle of ASC Topic
606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at the amount expected to be collected. The implementation
of Topic ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial statements and no cumulative effect adjustment was recognized.


 Topic 606 outlines a five-step process:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    





 the Company recognizes
revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of
products to its customers based on the written contract terms
 which is also when control is transferred.


the guidance in ASC 606-10-50-5 and the related implementation guidance to determine disaggregation of revenues that would be meaningful.
The majority of the Company&#8217;s revenue earned from its Beverages and is recognized when it satisfies a single performance obligation
by transferring control of its products to a customer. The Company does not have significant financing component or payment terms
 and
it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&#8217;s revenues are obtained in similar geographical locations
within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&#8217;s operations in each of its reporting segments are expected to have essentially
the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers are essentially the same.
The sales from the Company&#8217;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment
 which the Company refers to as the
Beverages Segment



    
    
    



consist primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of products. These include expenses related to direct procurement
costs and shipping and handling costs. The Company bills shipping and handling fees charged to customers as part of sales and the associated
expense as part of cost of revenues. The costs are charged to cost of revenues in the same period that the associated revenue is earned.



    
    
    



for financial impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets used in operations by measuring the carrying amount of the assets against
their estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If such evaluations indicated that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived
assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an
impairment review as of December 31
 2020 and 2019 and determined long-lived assets were not impaired.



    
    
    



accordance with FASB ASC 740

 
It requires a two-step approach to evaluate tax positions and determine if they should be recognized in the financial statements. The
two-step approach involves recognizing tax positions that are &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; to occur and then measuring those positions
to determine if they are recognizable in the financial statements. Management regularly reviews and analyzes all tax and has determined
that no uncertain tax positions requiring recognition have occurred.


uncertain tax positions as of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively.



    
    
    



and promotions as incurred. The Company includes in advertising costs inventory given away as promotional merchandise or free samples
to create sales. Advertising and promotion costs for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 were approximately $53
597 and $0
 respectively
which amounts were included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.




    
    
    



institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. The Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the credit worthiness of the financial institutions and had determined
the credit exposure to be negligible.



    
    
    



codifies as FASB ASC 260 
 basic income (loss) per common share is calculated using the weighted average number
of shares outstanding during the periods reported. Diluted earnings per share include the weighted average effect of all dilutive securities
outstanding during the periods presented.


per share loss when there is a loss from continuing operations.



    
    
    



 (&#8220;ASC
280-10&#8221;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires
selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes
standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of
an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or
decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company identified one operating segment
that reports revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined
revenue
 internal and external
 of the Company&#8217;s operating segment.



    
    
    



accounting pronouncements
 issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies as of the period ending September 30
 2020.
The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 result of operations
 or cash flows from these
pronouncements.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020








    
    

December 31

    
    
    

December 31

    
    

    
    
    
159
813
    
    
    
107
719
    

    
    
    
343
119
    
    
    
393
021
    

    
    
    
28
692
    
    
    
41
760
    

    
    
    
11
948
    
    
    
26
304
    

    
    
    
38
705
    
    
    
86
459
    

    
    
    
33
225
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
43
362
    
    
    
31
659
    

    
    
    
1
640
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
660
504
    
    
    
686
922
    
  















    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
234
885
    
    
    
143
686
    

Trays
 Cans and Sleeves
    
    
5
912
    
    
    
87
064
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
24
246
    

    
    
    
240
797
    
    
    
254
996
    
  







The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


Dec. 31
 2020

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
NOTE 4 &#8211; PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


 plant and equipment consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
57
879
    
    
    
52
450
    

    
    
    
16
638
    
    
    
14
225
    

    
    
    
79
951
    
    
    
50
187
    

    
    
    
68
135
    
    
    
46
200
    

    
    
    
(54
731
    
    
    
(20
656
    

Property
 plant and equipment
 net
    
    
167
872
    
    
    
142
406
    



31
 2020 and 2019
 was approximately $34
075 and $56
937 respectively
 and is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.








PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
NOTE 4 &#8211; PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


 plant and equipment consisted of
the following:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
14
500
    
    
    
29
000
    

    
    
    
(2
311
    
    
    
(15
843
    

Property
 plant and equipment
 net
    
    
12
200
    
    
    
13
168
    



31
 2020 was $968. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 was $968
 and is included in in selling
 general and administrative expenses
in the accompanying statements of income.







The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 Gold Leaf acquired 21
000
000
shares
 representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
 $0.01 par value per share
 of BigSupersearch.com
 Inc.
a California corporation (&#8220;BigSupersearch&#8221;)
 and 14
000
000 shares of its Series A preferred stock
 for $61
000
 which amount
included the purchase price
 attorney fees
 and transfer fees. At the time of the acquisition
 BigSupersearch was considered a &#8220;shell
company&#8221; because it had no operations and no assets. Because no transfer of assets or liabilities occurred
 the entire $61
000
representing the consideration paid for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of BigSupersearch
 was recorded as goodwill.
Gold Leaf has not commenced operations or done anything with BigSupersearch and it still remains a shell company.


 it
is tested at least annually for impairment. Impairment is the condition that exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied
fair value. The fair value of goodwill can be measured only as a residual and cannot be measured directly. The Company uses a methodology
to determine an amount that achieves a reasonable estimate of the value of goodwill for purposes of measuring an impairment loss. That
estimate is referred to as the implied fair value of goodwill.


 2019
 BigSupersearch had
a positive equity and the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair
value of BigSupersearch exceeded its carrying value
 including goodwill. In accordance with the Qualitative Assessment outlined in ASC
350-20-35
 
 
to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to performing the first step of the goodwill impairment test.


process as outlined in ASC 350-20-35 and is used to identify both the existence of impairment and the amount of impairment. The first
step is to determine the fair value. If the carrying amount is greater than zero and its fair value exceeds its carrying amount
 then
there is no impairment and the second step is not necessary. If the carrying amount of BigSupersearch exceeds the fair value
 then goodwill
will be measured for impairment in the second step. The amount of impairment loss recorded is the difference in the excess of the carrying
amount over its fair value.


December 31
 2019
 BigSupersearch had no identifiable assets or liabilities; therefore
 the implied fair value of goodwill is zero. Based
on this assessment
 goodwill was impaired by the full carrying amount of $61
000. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 the Company
had $0 in goodwill.




  
    
    
    
December 31

    
    
    
December 31

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
61
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(61
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
81
750
    
    
    
81
750
    

    
    
    
(12
262
    
    
    
(4
087
    

    
    
    
69
488
    
    
    
77
663
    



asset is as follows:&#160;



    

December 31
 2021
    
    
8
175
    

December 31
 2022
    
    
8
175
    

December 31
 2023
    
    
8
175
    

December 31
 2024
    
    
8
175
    

December 31
 2025
    
    
8
175
    

    
    
    
28
613
    

    
    
    
69
488
    
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2016
 Robert Clark
 formed Elev8
Hemp
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#8220;Elev8 Hemp&#8221;)
 on behalf of Ryan Medico
 the Company&#8217;s then-Chief Financial
Officer. Mr. Medico was the sole owner of and served as President of Elev8 Hemp.


 the Company entered into a
letter of intent with Elev8 Hemp to acquire it
 such that it would become the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the
letter of intent
 on June 7
 2016
 the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement with Elev8 Hemp (the &#8220;Elev8 Hemp Acquisition
Agreement&#8221;)
 whereby the Company agreed to acquire 100% of the ownership of Elev8 Hemp and
 in exchange
 the Company agreed to issue
to Mr. Medico five million restricted shares of the Common Stock
 which had a fair market value of $50
000. The Elev8 Hemp Acquisition
Agreement provided that if the Company failed to adequately capitalize the development of Elev8 Hemp to complete its objectives set forth
in its business plan
 then Mr. Medico would have the option until March 31
 2018 to purchase Elev8 Hemp from the Company for a purchase
price of $50
000
 which could be paid in shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock.


 2016
 the Company entered
into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Membership Interest Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with Elev8 Hemp
 as the Company&#8217;s
wholly-owned subsidiary
 and Branded Legacy
 Inc.
 formerly known as Elev8 Brands
 Inc. and
 prior to that
 known as PLAD
 Inc. (&#8220;Branded
Legacy&#8221;)
 to sell 100% of the then-issued and outstanding membership interests of Elev8 Hemp to Branded Legacy in consideration
of its issuance to the Company of 200
000
000 shares of its common stock
 par value $0.00001. In connection with this transaction
 Mr.
Medico became the Chief Executive Officer and the sole director of Branded Legacy. The parties desired to enter into the Membership Interest
Purchase Agreement because the Company did not have adequate capital to fund the development of Elev8 Hemp&#8217;s business
 as well as
its own. Until July 2018
 Mr. Medico also continued to serve as the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer.


 2017
 the Company&#8217;s Board
of Directors (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) declared a dividend to its stockholders of an aggregate of 53
196
608 shares of common stock of
Branded Legacy. The Company&#8217;s stockholders received one share of common stock of Branded Legacy for every 10 shares of the Company&#8217;s
Common Stock held on the record date. On the record date
 we had approximately 104 stockholders
 all of whom received this dividend. After
the payment of the dividend
 the Company held 146
803
392 shares of common stock of Branded Legacy.


 2018
 the Company entered into
a Securities Exchange and Settlement Agreement (the &#8220;First Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with Branded Legacy. Pursuant to the First
Exchange Agreement
 the Company exchanged with Branded Legacy the remaining 146
803
392 shares of common stock held by the Company for
2
746
723 shares of Branded Legacy&#8217;s Series D preferred stock. The shares of Series D preferred stock were initially convertible
into 164
803
380 shares of common stock of Branded Legacy. At December 31
 2018
 the balance of the investment in Branded Legacy was $1
648.


 2019
 we entered into a second
Securities and Exchange Agreement with Branded Legacy
 whereby we exchanged the remaining investment of 2
746
723 shares of Branded Legacy&#8217;s
Series D preferred stock for its 10-year
 unsecured
 non-convertible promissory note in our favor in the original principal amount of
$1
500
000 (the &#8220;Branded Legacy Note&#8221;). All principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the Branded Legacy Note is payable
in full
 on November 27
 2029. As of the dates of the foregoing transactions
 the Company and Branded Legacy were not considered related
parties based upon the guidance set forth in ASC Topic 850
 



of the collectability of the Branded Legacy Note due to the dollar amount and duration of the term; therefore
 an allowance for $1
500
000
had been assessed and expensed
 which was included in the Consolidated Statements of Loss for the year ended December 31
 2019. The Branded
Legacy Note and the investment in Branded Legacy consisted of the following:&#160;



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
500
000
    
    
    
1
500
000
    

    
    
    
(1
500
000
    
    
    
(1
500
000
    

Note receivable
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 officers
key employees
 and non-employees were granted stock-based compensation consisting of restricted stock awards. Stock-based compensation
is measured at the grant date
 based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized as an expense at the date of issuance. The Company
estimates the fair value of each restricted stock award as of the date of grant using closing price as reported by the OTCM on the date
of grant. The Board has not adopted any employee stock purchase plans or other incentive plans
 nor does the Company grant stock options
to its directors
 officers
 and employees.


years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 were 10
085
140 and 15
862
000 shares of the Common Stock
 respectively. The current stock-based
Common Stock cancelled or forfeited for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 was 0 and 64
860
346 shares of the Common Stock
 respectively.


 2020 and
2019
 the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense
 which is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the
accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss
 as follows:&#160;



    
    

    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
476
002
    
    
    
290
100
    

    
    
    
2
578
    
    
    
834
388
    

    
    
    
478
580
    
    
    
1
124
488
    



cost in the current period at the grant date. No future years of compensation is expected for the next five fiscal years. &#160;The Company
has a balance in accrued stock-based compensation at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 of $1
386
497 and $1
386
500
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity and share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disclosure of policy and terms of share-based payment arrangement
 deferred compensation arrangement
 and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2018
 Kona entered into a Line
of Credit Agreement with Matthew Nicoletti as the lender
 which established a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to $400
000.
The line of credit matures on May 5
 2022 and is reflected as non-current on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Advances under
the line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. Payments of principal and accrued interest are payable on the
maturity date. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the line of credit had an outstanding principal balance of $398
470
 respectively
 and accrued
interest of $32
102 and $17
037
 respectively.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






    
    
    




    
    
On October 31
 2018
 Kona issued a Standard Promissory Note in favor of Robert Clark
 as lender
 in the original principal amount of $20
000.&#160;&#160;Mr. Clark is the Company&#8217;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 and Chairman of the Board. The note bears no interest. Principal payments of $500 per month commenced in February 2019
 with the final payment due in April 2021. The outstanding principal balance of this note at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $8
500 and $14
500
 respectively.




    
    
On February 19
 2019
 Gold Leaf issued a Standard Promissory Note in Favor of Robert Clark
 as lender
 in the original principal amount of $70
000. The note bears no interest.&#160;&#160;Principal payments of $500 per month commenced in March 2019
 with final payment due in March 2021. The outstanding principal balance of this note at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $59
500 and $65
500
 respectively.






December 31
 2021
    
    
68
000
    

    
    
    
68
000
    




    
    
    




    
    
On April 4
 2019
 Kona entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Robert.&#160;&#160;The agreement established a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to $1
500
000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. The line of credit matures on April 4
 2021
 at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 outstanding principal was $1
369
651 and $922
151
 respectively
 and accrued interest was $36
397 and $0
 respectively.




    
    
On August 29
 2019
 Gold Leaf entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with Robert Clark.&#160;&#160;The agreement established a revolving line of credit in the amount of up to $200
000. Advances under this line of credit bear interest at the rate of 3.75 percent per annum. The line of credit matures on August 29
 2021
 at which time all outstanding principal amounts and accrued interest are due and payable. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 outstanding principal was $125
500 and $100
000
 respectively
 and accrued interest was $3
545 and $0
 respectively.
  













    
    
    




    
    
Long-term debt consists of one 8% interest per annum note payable for $200
000 from a related party. Payments of $9
045 per month were due beginning October 17
 2018. On June 1
 2020
 an additional $35
000 was received on the same note
 under new terms that the Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. In the accompanying balance sheets dated December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 the balance of the note payable is $113
761 and 78
760
 respectively
 and accrued interest was $11
776 and $0
 respectively.




    
    
Long-term debt consists of one 8% interest per annum note payable for $612
700 from a related party on November 1
 2019. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. On December 31
 2019
 $412
700 has been forgiven in full by the related party. In the accompanying balance sheets dated December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 the balance of the note payable is $200
000
 respectively.




    
    
Long-term debt consists of one 2% interest per annum note payable for $300
000 from a related party on February 1
 2020. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date three (3) days after the sale of substantially all of the assets or equity. In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020
 the balance of the note payable is $300
000
 and accrued interest was $9.953.






    
    
Long-term debt consists of one 0% interest per annum note payable for $200
000 from a related party on July 31
 2020. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date three (3) days after the sale of substantially all of the assets or equity. In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020
 the balance of the note payable is $198
000 and accrued interest was $0.




    
    
Long-term debt consists of one 8% interest per annum note payable for $25
000 from a related party on April 30
 2020. Note shall be payable in one (1) payment of principle plus interest at or before the maturity date of November 1
 2023. On November 30
 2020
 this debt was forgiven. In the accompanying balance sheet dated December 31
 2020
 there is no balance due.






December 31
 2021 &#8211; December 31
 2022
    
    
    
    

November 1
 2023
    
    
798
261
    

    
    
    
798
261
    
  












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





2020 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT


Dec. 31
 2020






2020 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT
NOTE 9 &#8211; 2020
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT




 the Company completed the 2020
Private Placement of the 2020 Debentures and the 2020 Warrant pursuant to the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the First 2020 Debenture
and granted the 2020 Warrant promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the Second 2020 Debenture promptly after
filing the 2020 Registration Statement initially with the SEC. The Company sold and issued the Third 2020 Debenture promptly after the
SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The 2020 Debentures are due 12 months from their respective issuance dates and are
secured by all of the Company&#8217;s assets and the assets of each of its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain Security Agreement by
and among the Selling Stockholder
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries
 and the Company. Initially
 the 2020 Debentures are convertible at
the lower of (i) the fixed conversion price
 which is $0.05 per share
 subject to adjustment (the &#8220;2020 Fixed Conversion Price&#8221;)
or (ii) 80% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (&#8220;VWAP&#8221;) of our Common Stock during the 15 trading days immediately
preceding the conversion date
 subject to adjustment (the &#8220;2020 Market Conversion Price&#8221;). The 2020 Debentures contain an
adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of its Common Stock
or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse
stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment
of the conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. The 2020 Debentures are subject to a &#8220;conversion blocker&#8221; such that the Selling
Stockholder cannot convert any portion of the 2020 Debentures that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates holding
more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such conversion (excluding
 for purposes of such
determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 2020 Debentures or exercise of the 2020 Warrant that had not
then been converted or exercised
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &#8220;conversion blocker&#8221; to 9.99%
upon at least 65 days&#8217; prior written notice to the Company. The 2020 Debentures accrue interest at an annual rate equal to 8% and
are due and payable on their respective maturity dates (or sooner if the Selling Stockholder converts the 2020 Debentures or otherwise
accelerates the maturity date
 as provided for in the 2020 Debentures). Interest is payable either in cash or
 if certain Equity Conditions
(as defined in the 2020 Debentures) are then satisfied
 in shares of the Common Stock at the 2020 Market Conversion Price on the trading
day immediately prior to the date paid.


 it has the
right to redeem
 in part or in whole
 the outstanding principal and interest under the 2020 Debentures prior to their respective maturity
dates; 
 
 as of the date of the holder&#8217;s receipt of the redemption notice
 (i) the VWAP of the Common
Stock is less than the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price
 initially $0.05 per share
 and (ii) there is no Equity Conditions failure. The Company
must pay an amount equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus outstanding and accrued interest thereon
 as well as a redemption
premium equal to 15% of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed (the &#8220;Redemption Premium&#8221;). The Company must provide
the holder 15 business days&#8217; advance notice of its intent to make a redemption
 setting forth the amount of principal and interest
we desire then to redeem plus the applicable Redemption Premium.


provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of the Common Stock or common
stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2020 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the
conversion price of the 2020 Debentures.


Rights Agreement
 the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the Conversion Shares and
the Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing of the 2020 Private Placement. The Company also agreed
 among other things
to indemnify the Selling Stockholder from certain liabilities and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with
the registration of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares held by the Selling Stockholder.


 the purchase price
for the First 2020 Debenture was $250
000
 less $15
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &#8220;original issue discount&#8221;
of $10
000 and $5
000 as a structuring fee. On December 23
 2020
 the Company converted $100
000 of the principal of
 and $12
274 of
accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture into 8
255
438 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 see Note 11
.
At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the First 2020 Debenture is $150
000.


 the purchase price
for the Second 2020 Debenture was $250
000
 less $10
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &#8220;original issue discount&#8221;
of $10
000 fee. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the Second 2020 Debenture is $250
000.


 the purchase price
for the Third 2020 Debenture was $500
000
 less $20
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &#8220;original issue discount&#8221;
of $10
000 fee. At December 31
 2020
 the principal balance of the Third 2020 Debenture is $500
000.




utilizing ASC 815. The Company has incurred a liability for the estimated fair value of the First 2020 Debenture. The estimated fair value
of the 2020 Debentures has been calculated using the Black-Scholes fair value option-pricing model with key input variables provided by
management
 as of the date of issuance
 with the valuation offset against additional paid in capital
 and at each reporting date
 with
changes in fair value recorded as gains or losses on revaluation in other income (expense). The Company identified embedded features in
the 2020 Debentures
 which caused the 2020 Debentures to be classified as a liability. These embedded features included the right for
the holder to request for the Company to settle the amounts owed pursuant to the 2020 Debentures to the holder by paying an amount of
cash equal to the Black-Scholes value of the remaining unexercised portion of the 2020 Debentures on the date of the consummation of a
fundamental transaction. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company treat the whole instrument
as liability and record the fair value of the instrument as a derivative as of the inception date of the instrument and to adjust the
fair value of the instrument as of each subsequent balance sheet date.


Black-Scholes pricing model with the following average assumptions:&#160;



    
    
December 31
&#160;2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    




in the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2020:&#160;



    
    
    
31
 2020
    
    
    






(Level 1)
    
    
    



(Level 2)
    
    
    


(Level 3)
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    



of change in fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2020:&#160;



Fair value
 January 1
 2020
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
148
628
    

&#160;Fair value
 June 30
 2020
    
    
148
628
    

    
    
    
(39
725
    

    
    
    
108
903
    

Fair value
 September 30
 2020
    
    
217
806
    

    
    
    
(69
051
    

    
    
    
212
397
    

Fair value
 December 31
 2020
    
    
361
152
    





to purchase up to an aggregate of 20 million shares of the Common Stock. The 2020 Warrant has a three-year term and is immediately exercisable
at an exercise price of $0.05 per share
 subject to adjustment. If the Company fails to maintain an effective registration statement with
the SEC covering the resale of the 2020 Warrant Shares
 or if an Event of Default (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing
 then
the holder may exercise the 2020 Warrant on a &#8220;cashless&#8221; basis. &#8220;Event of Default&#8221; means an event of default under
the 2020 SPA or the 2020 Debentures.


that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the exercise price if the Company issues shares of our Common Stock or common stock equivalents
at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of the 2020 Warrant. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the exercise price of
the 2020 Warrant.


blocker&#8221; such that the Selling Stockholder cannot exercise any portion of the 2020 Warrant that would result in the Selling Stockholder
and its affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such exercise (excluding
for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2020 Warrant or conversion of the 2020 Debentures
that had not then been exercised or converted
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &#8220;exercise blocker&#8221;
to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&#8217; prior written notice to the Company.


 2020
the Company granted the 2020 Warrant that was immediately exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares of Common Stock. The 2020 Warrant was
fully expensed as an interest expense related to the 2020 Warrant issued in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the 2020 SPA
 and no liability was recorded as of December 31
 2020.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2020
the Company entered into a Paycheck Protection Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $95
161 (the &#8220;PPP Loan&#8221;)
with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. The PPP Loan was made under
 and is subject to
 the terms and conditions of the Paycheck Protection Program
(the &#8220;PPP&#8221;)
 which was established as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act the (&#8220;CARES Act&#8221;)
and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The PPP provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5
times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The current term of the PPP Loan is two years
 with a maturity
date of May 6
 2022 and it contains a favorable fixed annual interest rate of 1.00%. Payments of principal and interest on the PPP Loan
are deferred for the first six months of the term of the PPP Loan
 or November 2020. Thereafter
 principal and interest are payable monthly
and may be prepaid by us at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties.


of the CARES Act
 recipients can apply for and receive forgiveness for all
 or a portion of the loan granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness
will be determined
 subject to limitations
 based on the use of loan proceeds for certain permissible purposes as set forth in the PPP
including
 but not limited to
 payroll costs
 mortgage interest
 rent or utility costs (collectively
 &#8220;Qualifying Expenses&#8221;)
and on the maintenance of employee and compensation levels during a certain time period following the funding of the PPP Loan. The amount
of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the eight-week period. The Company
has used the proceeds of the PPP Loan for salaries and wages
 building lease expense
 and utilities. However
 no assurance is provided
that the Company will be able to obtain forgiveness of the PPP Loan in whole or in part.


 the
Company also received an advance in the amount of $7
000 as part of the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program offered by the U.S. Small
Business Administration. This advance was received after the Company filed its application with regarding to the PPP. The advance was
not included in any of the documentation related to the PPP Loan. The Company is in the process of determining how this advance will be
included as part of the PPP Loan forgiveness.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






issued and outstanding preferred stock
 par value $0.00001 per share
 at December 31
 2020 and 2019 was 988
140 and 4
988
000
 respectively.
The Board
 without further stockholder approval
 may issue preferred stock in one or more series from time to time and fix or alter the
designations
 relative rights
 priorities
 preferences
 qualifications
 limitations and restrictions of the shares of each series.

Series A Preferred
Stock


authorized 4
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&#8221;)
of which no shares were authorized
 issued or outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 4
000
000 shares were authorized
 issued and outstanding
at December 31
 2019. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
 when outstanding
 could have been converted into one share of the Common
Stock.

Series B Preferred
Stock


authorized 1
200
000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &#8220;Series B Preferred Stock&#8221;)
of which 488
000 were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively. Each share of Series B Preferred
Stock may be converted into one share of the Common Stock.

Series C Preferred
Stock


 2020
the Company reduced the authorized number of Series C Preferred Stock from 3
300
000 to 250 shares
 par value $0.00001 per share (the
&#8220;Series C Preferred Stock&#8221;)
 by filing a Certificate of Designation of the Preferences
 Rights
 and Limitations of the Series
C Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Company also amended the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock.
The holders of shares of the Series Preferred C Stock are now entitled to 2
000
000 votes for every share of our Series Preferred C Stock
held. The holders of the Series Preferred C Stock are not entitled to receive dividends. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding
up of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 before any distribution or payment will be made to the holders of any stock ranking
junior to the Series C Preferred Stock
 the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the Company&#8217;s
assets an amount equal to $1.00 in the aggregate for all issued and outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock (as adjusted for
any stock dividends
 combinations
 splits
 recapitalizations
 and the like with respect to such shares) (the &#8220;Preference Value&#8221;).
After the payment of the full applicable Preference Value of each share of the Series C Preferred Stock
 our remaining assets legally
available for distribution
 if any
 will be distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock has conversion
rights
 whereby each share of the Series C Preferred Stock automatically converts into one share of Common Stock on the one-year anniversary
of the issuance date.


2020 and 2019
 the Company had authorized 250 and 3
300
000 shares
 respectively
 of Series C Preferred Stock of which 140 and 0 shares
respectively
 were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. At such dates
 each share of the Series C Preferred
Stock was convertible into one and 1
000 shares
 respectively of the Common Stock.

Series D Preferred
Stock


authorized 500
000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock
 par value of $0.00001 per share (the &#8220;Series D Preferred Stock&#8221;)
 of
which 500
000 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Each share of the Series D Preferred Stock
may be converted into 1
000 shares of Common Stock.




authorized 2
500
000
000 and 900
000
000 shares of the Common Stock
 respectively
 of which 786
308
041 shares were issued and outstanding
at December 31
 2020 and 763
967
603 were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019.

Equity Transactions



2019
 Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum Capital Group LLC (&#8220;Quantum&#8221;) converted 55
000 shares
of the Series C Preferred Stock into 55
000
000 shares of the Common Stock. At the conversion date
 the shares of Common Stock had a per-share
fair market value of $0.0840
 representing a total fair value of $4
620
000
 which was based on the closing price of the Common Stock
as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.


 2019
the Company issued 58
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 58
000 of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock
by Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum. The shares of Common Stock at the date of conversion had a per-share
fair market value of $0.0785 based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.


 2019
the Company issued 52
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 52
000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock by
Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum. The shares of Common Stock
 at the date of conversion
 had a fair market
value of $0.076 per share
 or an aggregate fair value of $3
952
000
 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the
OTCM on the date of issuance.


 2019
the Company issued 106
000
000 shares of Common Stock in connection with the conversion of 106
000 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock
by Matthew Nicoletti
 owner and Chief Executive Officer of Quantum. The shares of Common Stock had a per-share fair market value of $0.1081
or a total fair value of $11
458
600
 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.


terms of our offer letter to William Jeffrey Outlaw to serve as one of our Independent Directors
 on July 30
 2019
 we issued 10
000
000
shares of Common Stock to its independent director
 William Jeffrey Outlaw
 as payment of $800
000 for his services in that capacity.
At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.111 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the
OTCM on the date of issuance.


 2020
the Company issued an aggregate of 4
000
000 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of an aggregate of 4
000
000 shares of our Series
A Preferred Stock by Robert Clark and Joseph Thornburg. The shares of our Common Stock on the date of issuance had a per-share fair market
value of $0.0346
 which was based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. We issued
the shares in reliance on the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (in that the shares of our
Common Stock issuable upon conversion did not involve any public offering).


2020
 the Company issued an aggregate of 8
255
438 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $100
000 of the principal of
 and $12
274
of accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0170.
The First 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0136
 which was the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and
the 2020 Market Conversion Price.


issuances during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 please see Note 12
 
 Note 13
 
 and Note
18
 














000 shares
of common stock with a par value of $30.50
 of which 10
000 were issued and outstanding as of the year ended December 31
 2020
 and year
ended December 31
 2019
 respectively.




December 31
 2020
 and for the year ended December 31
 2019
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2019
these shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $6
500 by Mr. Clark. On March 30
 2016
 the Company entered
into an Executive Employment Agreement with Ryan Medico (the &#8220;Executive Employment Agreement&#8221;)
 whereby Mr. Medico was hired
to serve as the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer until January 1
 2017. In connection with the Executive Employment Agreement and
Mr. Medico&#8217;s service as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Company agreed to pay Mr. Medico 20
000
000 shares of the Common Stock
and negotiate a cash salary when the Company determined that it could pay such salary. These shares had a per-share fair market value
of $0.014
 or a total fair value of $280
000
 at the date of issuance
 which was the closing price per share of the Common Stock as reported
by the OTCM on the date of issuance. On July 30
 2019
 the 14
860
346 shares that had been issued to Ryan Medico were forfeited to the
Company and cancelled. The subsequent forfeiture of the Common Stock was accounted for on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets
and Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Deficit as a reduction in the Common Stock and additional paid-in capital.


 2019
pursuant to the terms of an employment agreement between the Company and Chad Webb dated December 1
 2018
 the Company issued to Mr. Webb
5
000
000 shares of Common Stock as payment of $277
000 in compensation owed for services provided. The shares had a per-share fair market
value of $0.0554
 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.



 2019
the Company issued 100
000 shares of Common Stock equal to $13
100
 to each of Jazmin Gonzalez and Michelle Motta as an incentive bonus.
At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.131 based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of issuance
as reported by the OTCM. On November 7
 2019
 the 100
000 shares that were issued to Michelle Motta were forfeited to the Company and
cancelled
 which resulted in a reduction in compensation expense of $13
100.


 2019
14
860
346 shares of Common Stock were forfeited to the Company. These shares were originally issued on April 7
 2016 for services rendered
by Ryan Medico. The return of these shares increased additional paid-in capital by $149.


 2015
 the Company entered into
an Employment Agreement with Robert Clark (the &#8220;Clark Employment Agreement&#8221;). On December 1
 2016
 the Company entered into
an Amendment to Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Clark Amendment&#8221;; and
 together with the Clark Employment Agreement
 the &#8220;Amended
Clark Employment Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment Clark Employment Agreement
 the Company agreed to issue
 among
other securities
 200
000
000 shares of the Common Stock. Immediately
 Mr. Clark decided to defer receipt of 80
000
000 of such shares;
thus leaving 120
000
000 shares of the Common Stock to be issued to him. Those 120
000
000 shares of the Common Stock were issued to Mr.
Clark
 as follows: (i) on October 28
 2015
 the Company issued 30
000
000 of such shares at the per-share fair market value of $0.015
based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance; (ii) on March 2
 2016
 the Company issued
40
000
000 of such shares at the per-share fair market value of $0.0250 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by
the OTCM on the date of issuance; and (iii) on Mary 16
 2016
 the Company issued 50
000
000 of such shares at the per-share fair market
value of $0.0036 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. The Company accrued 80
000
000
shares of the Common Stock on December 31
 2016 that were not issued. At the date of accrual
 the per-share fair market value of the shares
was $0.0025 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance. On April 19
 2018
 40
000
000
shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $1
000
000 by Mr. Clark. On July 31
 2019
 an additional 50
000
000
shares were cancelled and returned to the Company for accrual valued at $180
000. Accordingly
 as of June 30
 2020
 Mr. Clark was the
record and beneficial owner of 17
100
000 of shares of the Common Stock and
 subject to the July 2020 issuance to Mr. Clark of 140 shares
of Series C Preferred
 the Company accrued and owed to Mr. Clark an aggregate of 170
000
000 shares to be reissued to him upon his request
pursuant to the terms of the oral agreement with him.


000
000 shares of Common
Stock on January 27
 2020 to Lori Radcliffe pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement dated October 7
 2019
 by and between Ms. Radcliffe
and the Company. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value of the shares was $0.0637 based on the closing price of the
Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance
 for a total value of $318
500.


 2020
the Company issued 5
000
000 shares of the Common Stock to Paul O&#8217;Renick pursuant to an Employment Agreement dated October 1
 2019
in exchange for compensation owed in the amount of $157
500 for services provided. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market
value was $0.0315 based on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2019
the Company entered into a sponsorship agreement with Ryan Dodd
 a professional waterski jumper (the &#8220;Dodd Agreement&#8221;)
 whereby
the Company agreed to pay monthly sponsorship fees of $1
250 for one year. On May 23
 2019
 the Company issued Mr. Dodd 262
500 shares
of Common Stock. At the date of issuance
 the shares of Common Stock had a fair market value of $0.131 per share based on the closing
price of the Common Stock on the date of issuance as reported by the OTCM
 representing $34
388 as payment for the Company&#8217;s sponsorship.
The Dodd Agreement was extended in January 2020 for an additional one-year term. On April 3
 2020
 the Company issued 85
000 shares of
the Common Stock to Ryan Dodd pursuant to the Dodd Agreement. At the date of issuance
 the per-share fair market value was $0.0315 based
on the closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the OTCM on the date of issuance
 representing a payment of $2
578 for sponsorship
fees.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines
 penalties
 and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred
and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. The following represents the Company&#8217;s commitments and contingencies
as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
Operating Lease &#8211; The Company currently leases approximately 4
500 square feet of corporate office and warehouse space located at 746 North Drive
 Suite A
 Melbourne
 Florida 32934. The lease is for a five-year term
 and expires on May 31
 2023. The initial monthly base rent was approximately $3
994
 plus state taxes. The monthly base rent increases annually by three percent
 beginning on June 1
 2019 and each June 1st thereafter. During the lease year that commenced on June 1
 2020
 the Company&#8217;s monthly base rent will be $4
114. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized operating lease expense of $58
069
 which is included in in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.
  












from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines
 penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred
and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










lease liabilities as of September 30
 2020:



    
    
Right-of-Use Operating Lease &#8211; On May 22
 2019
 Gold Leaf entered into a lease agreement for 30
000 square feet of office and warehouse space in Greer County
 South Carolina. The agreement includes monthly payments of $13
429
 and included a $6
500 deposit. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized right-of-use operating lease expense of $148
895
 which is included in in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.




    
    
On March 17
 2020
 Kona entered into a lease agreement for equipment. The agreement includes monthly payments of $676. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company recognized right-of-use operating lease expense of $5
522
 which is included in in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.



net related to operating leases are included in noncurrent assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet
 while related lease
liabilities are included in current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the right-of-use asset
and lease liability related to the operating leases were as follows:



    
    

December 31

    
    
    

December 31

    
    

    
    
    
1
072
094
    
    
    
378
013
    

    
    
    
(159
101
    
    
    
(39
709
    

Right-of-use asset
 net
    
    
912
993
    
    
    
338
304
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
149
407
    
    
    
71
032
    

    
    
    
763
586
    
    
    
286
139
    

    
    
    
912
993
    
    
    
357
171
    




is as follows:



    
    
    
    

December 31
 2021
    
    
149
407
    

December 31
 2022
    
    
154
416
    

December 31
 2023
    
    
160
631
    

December 31
 2024
    
    
167
587
    

December 31
 2025
    
    
167
537
    

    
    
    
113
415
    

    
    
    
912
993
    
  



































The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










of the Company&#8217;s revenue earned from its two reporting segments is recognized when it satisfies a single performance obligation
by transferring control of its products to a customer. The Company does not have a significant financing component or payment terms
 and
the Company does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&#8217;s revenues are obtained in similar geographical
locations within the United States. The Company&#8217;s operating segments are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of our products and customers are essentially the same. Furthermore
 the Company regularly
reviews disaggregated revenue by source for evaluating the financial performance of its operations and making resource decisions. The
Company&#8217;s revenue is broken down by the following:



    
    
Distributors &#8211; revenue derived from direct sales to distributors for resale of its products: Kona Gold hemp-infused energy drinks
 HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters
 and Storm CBD-infused water.

    
    
    

    
    
Online Sales &#8211; revenue derived from customer purchases through the Company&#8217;s websites: KonaGoldHemp.com and HighDrateMe.com of the following products: Kona Gold hemp-infused energy drinks and apparel
 HighDrate CBD-infused energy waters
 and Storm CBD-infused water.

    
    
Gold Leaf Distribution &#8211; revenue derived from Gold Leaf
 which is the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 that focuses on the distribution of premium beverages and snacks in key markets. These markets include over 500 accounts in grocery stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. Gold Leaf&#8217;s product line includes alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused jellybeans
 all of which complement the Company&#8217;s current product offerings.

    
    
    

    
    
    




by revenue source
 and the period-over-period percentage change
 for the period presented:



    
    
Years Ended December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
315
007
    
    
    
438
745
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
133
787
    
    
    
87
965
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
93
124
    
    
    
55
190
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
555
    
    
    
332
371
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
339
    
    
    
24
663
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(51
159
    
    
    
(28
707
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
631
653
    
    
    
910
227
    
    
    
    
    



by revenue source
 as a percentage of total net revenues for the periods presented:



    
    
Years Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales Returns
 and Allowances
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020













    
    
Includes three types of beverage products: (i) hemp-infused energy drinks
 (ii) CBD-infused energy water
 and (iii) CBD-infused high-alkaline water
 as well as apparel with the Kona Gold logo. The Beverages Segment includes all of Kona&#8217;s and HighDrate&#8217;s operations. The Company considers this a single operating segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
tatements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management. We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical to present such information.

    
    
Includes the distribution of premium beverages and snacks in key markets. These markets include over 300 accounts in grocery stores
 convenience stores
 smoke shops
 vape shops
 and specialty stores located in Florida and South Carolina. In addition to distributing the Company&#8217;s own beverage products
 the Company also distributes other products
 including alkaline waters
 beverages for kids
 energy drinks
 fruit flavored sodas
 low-carb lemonade
 healthy aloe juice drinks
 and CBD-infused jellybeans
 all of which complement the Company&#8217;s current product offerings. The Distribution Segment includes all of Gold Leaf&#8217;s operations.



segment have been allocated to &#8220;Corporate and Eliminations.&#8221;



about our reportable segments.



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
824
835
    
    
    
800
378
    

    
    
    
(146
894
    
    
    
44
809
    

    
    
    
105
671
    
    
    
(40
630
    

    
    
    
783
612
    
    
    
804
557
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
063
074
    
    
    
514
312
    

    
    
    
85
546
    
    
    
40
356
    

    
    
    
8
233
    
    
    
10
205
    

    
    
    
1
156
853
    
    
    
564
873
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
879
305
    
    
    
1
356
599
    

    
    
    
72
576
    
    
    
61
027
    

    
    
    
1
424
367
    
    
    
98
020
    

    
    
    
3
376
248
    
    
    
1
515
646
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
616
018
    
    
    
1
685
260
    

    
    
    
192
350
    
    
    
159
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
808
368
    
    
    
1
844
760
    




    
    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

REVENUES
 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
635
669
    
    
    
718
455
    

    
    
    
83
051
    
    
    
332
371
    

    
    
    
(87
067
    
    
    
(140
599
    

Total Revenues
 Net of Sales
 Returns
 and Allowances
    
    
1
631
653
    
    
    
910
227
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
333
135
    
    
    
492
096
    

    
    
    
68
012
    
    
    
249
780
    

    
    
    
(87
067
    
    
    
(87
699
    

    
    
    
1
314
080
    
    
    
654
177
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
372
392
    
    
    
1
729
768
    

    
    
    
150
401
    
    
    
276
248
    

    
    
    
65
815
    
    
    
608
808
    

    
    
    
3
588
608
    
    
    
2
614
824
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
483
366
    
    
    
(45
292
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
745
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(724
274
    

    
    
    
(1
483
366
    
    
    
(766
821
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
586
492
    
    
    
(1
548
700
    

    
    
    
(135
362
    
    
    
(190
912
    

    
    
    
(65
815
    
    
    
(1
385
983
    

    
    
    
(1
787
669
    
    
    
(3
125
595
    
  



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2019
 the Company
 through its
wholly-owned subsidiary
 HighDrate
 entered into the Settlement Agreement with Tre Holdco. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
 Tre Holdco
assigned U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 5
351
770 for &#8220;Highdrate&#8221; to the Company and
 in exchange
 the Company paid to Tre Holdco
a cash payment of $22
500 and issued to Tre Holdco 500
000 shares Common Stock. On June 17
 2019
 the Company issued these shares. The
per-share fair market value at the date of issuance was $0.1185. The &#8220;HighDrate&#8221; trademark is included in intangible assets
at a total value of $81
750
 net of accumulated amortization in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated September 30
 2020
and December 31
 2019. See Note 4
 
 for additional information.


 2019
the Company
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 HighDrate
 entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement (the &#8220;Settlement Agreement&#8221;)
with Tre Holdco Inc. (&#8220;Tre Holdco&#8221;). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
 Tre Holdco assigned U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 5
351
770
for the mark &#8220;Highdrate&#8221; to the Company and
 in exchange
 the Company paid to Tre Holdco a cash payment in the amount of $22
500
and issued to Tre Holdco 500
000 shares of Common Stock. The shares were issued on June 17
 2019 and
 on such date
 the per-share fair
market value
 based on the closing price of common stock as reported by the OTCM
 was $0.1185
 representing a total fair value of $59
250.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments
in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements
 during the year ending December
31
 2020
 the Company incurred a net loss of $3
125
595
 used cash in operations of $1
370
123 and had a stockholders&#8217; deficit of
$4
244
153 as of December 31
 2020. In the year ending December 31
 2019
 the Company incurred a net loss of $1
787
669 and used cash
in operations of $1
228
699 and had a stockholders&#8217; deficit of $1
990
976 as of December 31
 2019.


sales to the discontinuation of smaller distributor agreements in an effort to sign more favorable agreements with larger
 reputable
tier 1 and mid-size distributors and grocery chains. These contracts saw unforeseen delays and were additionally impacted by the COVID-19
pandemic during the fiscal year. The COVID-19 delayed the Company&#8217;s launch of a variety of new products during most of the 2020
fiscal year &#8211; drinks and non-drink line broadening items. We expect that revenue will increase in fiscal year 2021 as distribution
related to our current distributors affected by COVID-19 that have resumed distribution will continue to see fewer impacts from the COVID-19
pandemic going forward. Despite the impact from COVID-19 on our revenues in the fiscal year 2020
 we still anticipate to sign larger
more favorable agreements with larger
 tier 1 and mid-size distributors in our Beverage Segment during fiscal 2021.


 the Company&#8217;s continuation
as a going concern is dependent on the ability to obtain additional financing until we can generate sufficient cash flow from operations
to meet our obligations. We intend to continue to seek additional debt or equity financing to continue our operations. There is no assurance
that we will ever be profitable or that debt or equity financing will be available to us in the amounts
 on terms
 and at times deemed
acceptable to us
 if at all. The issuance of additional equity securities by us would result in a significant dilution in the equity interests
of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans
 assuming those loans would be available
 would increase our liabilities and future
cash commitments. If we are unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us
 we may be unable to continue
our business
 as planned
 and as a result may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business
 the result of which would
be that our stockholders would lose some or all of their investment. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.












have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments
in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements
 during the year ended December 31
2020
 the Company incurred a net loss of $628
469
 used cash in operations of $584
438 and had a stockholders&#8217; deficit of $656
052
as of December 31
 2020. In the year ending December 31
 2019
 the Company incurred a net loss of $774
792
 used cash in operations of
$486
613 and had a stockholders&#8217; deficit of $52
583 as of December 31
 2019.



in general and administrative expenses
 primarily wages and salaries
 which are essential and integral to our success; sales and marketing;
and professional fees. In addition
 the Company was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic at the end of the third quarter. The COVID-19 delayed
the distribution of products during most of the first three quarters of 2020 &#8211; drink line broadening items. We expect that revenue
will remain consistent in the last quarter of fiscal 2020 with the third quarter as distribution related to our current distributors affected
by COVID-19 that have resumed distribution
 will continue to see impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic.


 the Company&#8217;s continuation
as a going concern is dependent on the ability to obtain additional financing until we can generate sufficient cash flow from operations
to meet our obligations. We intend to continue to seek additional debt or equity financing to continue our operations. In addition
 we
seek to be acquired and enter into an acquisition agreement. There is no assurance that we will ever be profitable or that debt or equity
financing will be available to us in the amounts
 on terms
 and at times deemed acceptable to us
 if at all. Obtaining commercial loans
assuming those loans would be available
 would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. If we are unable to obtain financing
or be acquired in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us
 we may be unable to continue our business
 as planned
 and as a result
may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business
 the result of which would be that our stockholders would lose some
or all of their investment. The accompanying Financial Statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern.







The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





individually represented 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s total revenue
 less intercompany transactions. In addition
 certain customers
had outstanding accounts receivables that individually represented 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s total outstanding accounts receivables
less intercompany transactions
 but before receivable allowances. These customers are as follows:


Sheet as of December 31
 2020
 the Company&#8217;s net accounts receivable were $(10
508)
 representing total accounts receivable of approximately
$22
166 less sales returns and allowance of approximately $28
707 and less doubtful accounts of approximately $3
967. In the accompanying
 December 31
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s net accounts receivable 
$63
593
 representing total accounts receivable of approximately $119
1 less sales returns and allowances
of approximately $51
159 and less doubtful accounts of approximately $5
019. The breakdown of the Company&#8217;s accounts receivable
is as follows:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
22
166
    
    
    
119
771
    

    
    
    
28
707
    
    
    
51
1599
    

    
    
    
3
967
    
    
    
5
019
    

Accounts Receivable
 net
    
    
(10
508
    
    
    
63
5934
    



accounted for approximately 76% (or approximately 26%
 22%
 14% and 14%)
 or an aggregate of $16
904
 of the outstanding total accounts
receivable of $22


for approximately 16%
 or $19
471
 of the outstanding total accounts receivable of $119
771 as of December 31
 2019.


of Loss for the year ended December 31
 2020
 no one customer represented 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s total net revenue of $910
227
for the year ended December 31
 2020. In the accompanying 
 for the year ended December 31
 2019
 no one customer represented 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s
total net revenue of $1
631
653 for the year ended December 31
 2019.



of the Company&#8217;s products are obtained by the Company&#8217;s co-packers and consist primarily of materials such as the flavors
caffeine
 sugars or sucralose
 taurine
 vitamins
 CBD
 and hemp seed protein contained in its beverages
 the bottles in which its beverages
are packaged
 and the labeling on the outside of its beverages. These principal raw materials are subject to price and availability fluctuations.
The Company currently relies on a few key co-packers
 which in turn rely on a few key suppliers. The Company continually endeavors to
have back-up co-packers
 which co-packers would in turn depend on their third-party suppliers to supply certain of the flavors and concentrates
that are used in the Company&#8217;s beverages. The Company is also dependent on these co-packers to negotiate arrangements with their
existing suppliers that would enable the Company to obtain access to certain of such concentrates or flavor formulas under certain extraordinary
circumstances. Additionally
 in a limited number of cases
 the Company&#8217;s co-packers may have contractual restrictions with their
suppliers or the Company&#8217;s co-packers may need to obtain regulatory approvals and licenses that may limit the co-packers&#8217;
ability to enter into agreements with alternative suppliers. Contractual restrictions in the agreements the Company has with certain distributors
may also limit the Company&#8217;s ability to enter into agreements with alternative distributors. The Company believes that a satisfactory
supply of co-packers will continue to be available at competitive prices
 although there can be no assurance in this regard. With respect
to Gold Leaf&#8217;s operations
 the Company continually endeavors to contract with additional beverage vendors to ensure the Company
has adequate inventory. The Company believes that a satisfactory supply of vendors will continue to be available at competitive prices
although there can be no assurance in this regard.


represented 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s inventory purchases. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company did not purchase
in excess of 10% of its inventory from any single vendor. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company purchased 86% of the Company&#8217;s
inventory from two vendors
 of which no amount was due to these vendors as of December 31
 2019.












individually represented 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s total revenue
 or outstanding accounts receivable individually represented
10% or more of the Company&#8217;s total outstanding accounts receivable
 as follows:


 2020
 three
customers individually represented 77%
 or approximately $255
300 of the Company&#8217;s total revenue
 and four customers accounted for
100%
 or $33
718
 of the outstanding accounts receivable
 and the Company has recorded an allowance for uncollectible accounts of $24
280.
The net accounts receivable for the year ending December 31
 2020 is $9
438 in the accompanying balance sheet. For the year ended December
31
 2019
 two customers individually represented 33%
 or approximately $272
000 of the Company&#8217;s total revenue
 and six customers
accounted for 78%
 or $41
669
 of the outstanding accounts receivable in the accompanying balance sheet.


represented 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s inventory purchases
 as follows:


 2020 balance
sheet
 the Company purchased 100% of the Company&#8217;s inventory from three vendors
 of which $4
365 amount was due to these vendors.
For the year ended December 31
 2019 balance sheet
 the Company purchased 89% of the Company&#8217;s inventory from three vendors
 of
which $36
313 amount was due to these vendors.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





subsequent events through April 14
 2021
 the date that the December 31
 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements were issued
 and has determined
the following events have occurred that would warrant additional disclosure:



    
    
In December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China. In January 2020
 the WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak a &#8220;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&#8221; This worldwide outbreak has resulted in the implementation of significant governmental measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 quarantines
 and travel bans intended to control the spread of the virus. Companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing travel restrictions
 and temporarily closing businesses and facilities. These restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation measures
 have had an adverse impact on global economic conditions and are likely to have an adverse impact on consumer confidence and spending
 which could materially adversely affect the supply of
 as well as the demand for
 the Company&#8217;s products. Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of COVID-19 are likely to result in sustained market turmoil
 which could also negatively impact the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and cash flow.



Company&#8217;s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread
 and intensity
of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result
 it is not
currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&#8217;s business. However
 as the pandemic continued for
much of the 2020 fiscal year and if it continues for a prolonged period in the 2021 fiscal year
 it could have a continuing material adverse
effect on the Company&#8217;s business
 results of operations
 financial condition
 and cash flow and adversely impact the quoted price
of the Common Stock on the OTCM&#8217;s OTCQB


will further impact the Company&#8217;s business will depend on future developments and
 given the uncertainty around the extent and timing
of the potential future spread or mitigation and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures
 the Company cannot reasonably
estimate the impact to its business at this time.




    
    
On January 12
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 10
887
819 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $200
000 of the principal of
 and $1
425 of accrued interest on
 the Third 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0231. The Third 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0185
 which was the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    2021
 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with S and S Beverage
 Inc. and its shareholders and acquired all of the
    capital stock of S and S Beverage Inc. (&#8220;S and S&#8221;). To consummate the Acquisition
 a Certificate of Merger with the Wisconsin
    Department of Financial Institutions (the &#8220;Merger Certificate&#8221;) on February 1
 2021. On January 22
 2021
 (i) Kona Gold
 (ii)
    KGS Temporary Company
 Inc. (Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. &#8220;Acquisition Subsidiary&#8221;)
 (iii) S and S
 (iv) William J. Stineman and
    K&#38;L Beverage
 LLC
 a Wisconsin limited liability company (as the indemnifying S and S shareholders)
 and (v) Mr. Stineman (as representative
    of the S and S Shareholders) entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;). S and S merged with and
    into our Acquisition Subsidiary; S and S was the surviving entity and became our wholly-owned subsidiary of Kona Gold Beverage

    Merger Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties
 covenants
 and agreements of the parties
 including certain indemnification

    Beverage
 LLC
 agreed to guarantee its indemnification obligations in Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.&#8217;s favor.
Pursuant
    to the Merger Agreement
 and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein

    stock of S and S from the five holders thereof (the &#8220;S and S Legacy Shareholders&#8221;). In consideration thereof
 we issued to
    them an aggregate of nine million restricted shares of Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc.&#8217;s common stock (the &#8220;Acquisition Stock&#8221;)
    on a pro rata basis. Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. did not grant them any registration rights in respect of the shares of Acquisition Stock.
    We also agreed to pay an aggregate of $1
050
000 (the &#8220;Aggregate Acquisition Payments&#8221;)
 the majority of which is allocated
    to certain creditors of S and S (including one of the S and S Legacy Shareholders) and approximately $89
000 of which (the &#8220;Remaining
    Acquisition Payments&#8221;) is allocated to the S and S Legacy Shareholders on a pro rata basis. $400
000 of the Aggregate Acquisition
    Payments are scheduled to be paid in the next two weeks. The balance of the Aggregate Acquisition Payments
 including the Remaining Acquisition
    Payments
 are scheduled to be paid in monthly installments
 in arrears on the tenth calendar day of each month
 commencing on March 10
    2021
 at a rate equivalent to $2.00 per case of Lemin Superior Lemonade (the product line of S and S) that we sell until the Aggregate
    Acquisition Payments have been paid in full. In addition to the Aggregate Acquisition Payments
 we also assumed and agreed to pay certain
    other liabilities of S and S as set forth in the Merger Agreement.

    
    
    

    
    
On January 25
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 7
094
732 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $150
000 of the principal of
 and $1
118 of accrued interest on
 the First 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0266. The First 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0213
 which was the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.

    
    
    

    
    
On January 25
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 5
183
613 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $100
000 of the principal of
 and $10
411 of accrued interest on
 the Second 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0266. The Second 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0213
 which was the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.





    
    
On February 1
 2021 we entered into a Paycheck Protection Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $117
487 (the &#8220;PPP Loan&#8221;) with Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. The PPP Loan was made under
 and is subject to
 the terms and conditions of the Paycheck Protection Program (the &#8220;PPP&#8221;)
 which was established as part of the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The PPP provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The current term of the PPP Loan is five years
 with a maturity date of February 1
 2026 and it contains a favorable fixed annual interest rate of 1.00%. Payments of principal and interest on the PPP Loan are deferred
 and the Loan may be eligible for forgiveness pursuant to and in accordance with the PPP Program Requirements.




    
    
    

 the Company completed a private
    placement transaction (the &#8220;2021 Private Placement&#8221;) of two secured convertible debentures (the &#8220;2021 Debentures&#8221;)
    convertible for up to 154
958
678 shares (the &#8220;2021 Conversion Shares&#8221;) of Common Stock and granted a Warrant to purchase
    Common Stock (the &#8220;2021 Warrant&#8221;)
 exercisable for up to 50
000
000 shares of Common Stock (the &#8220;2021 Warrant Shares&#8221;)
    pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between the Selling stockholder and the Company
 dated as of February 10
 2021
    (the &#8220;2021 SPA&#8221;). The Company sold and issued the initial 2021 Debenture (the &#8220;First 2021 Debenture&#8221;) and granted
    the 2021 Warrant promptly after entering in the 2021 SPA. The Company will sell and issue the second 2021 Debenture (the &#8220;Second
    2021 Debenture&#8221;) promptly after the SEC declares effective the 2021 Registration Statement (as defined below).
    

    issuance dates and are secured by all of the Company&#8217;s assets and the assets of each of its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain
    Security Agreement by and among the Selling Stockholder
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries
 and the Company. Initially
 the 2021 Debentures
    are convertible at the lower of (i) the fixed conversion price
 which is $0.03 per share
 subject to adjustment (the &#8220;2021 Fixed
    Conversion Price&#8221;)
 or (ii) 80% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (&#8220;VWAP&#8221;) of our Common Stock during
    the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date
 subject to adjustment (the &#8220;2021 Market Conversion Price&#8221;).
    The 2021 Debentures contain an adjustment provision that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues
    shares of its Common Stock or common stock equivalents at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2021 Debentures.
    Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
 mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events
    will also result in an adjustment of the conversion price of the 2021 Debentures. The 2021 Debentures are subject to a &#8220;conversion
    blocker&#8221; such that the Selling Stockholder cannot convert any portion of the 2021 Debentures that would result in the Selling Stockholder
    and its affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such conversion (excluding
    for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the 2021 Debentures or exercise of the 2021
    Warrant that had not then been converted or exercised
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &#8220;conversion
    blocker&#8221; to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&#8217; prior written notice to the Company. The 2021 Debentures accrue interest at an annual
    rate equal to 8% and are due and payable on their respective maturity dates (or sooner if the Selling Stockholder converts the 2021 Debentures
    or otherwise accelerates the maturity date
 as provided for in the 2021 Debentures). Interest is payable either in cash or
 if certain
    Equity Conditions (as defined in the 2021 Debentures) are then satisfied
 in shares of the Common Stock at the 2021 Market Conversion
    Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date paid.





    
    
    

 it has the right to
    redeem
 in part or in whole
 the outstanding principal and interest under the 2021 Debentures prior to their respective maturity dates;
    
 
 as of the date of the holder&#8217;s receipt of the redemption notice
 (i) the VWAP of the Common Stock
    is less than the 2021 Fixed Conversion Price
 initially $0.03 per share
 and (ii) there is no Equity Conditions failure. The Company must
    pay an amount equal to the principal amount being redeemed plus outstanding and accrued interest thereon
 as well as a redemption premium
    equal to 15% of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed (the &#8220;Redemption Premium&#8221;). The Company must provide the holder
    15 business days&#8217; advance notice of its intent to make a redemption
 setting forth the amount of principal and interest we desire
    then to redeem plus the applicable Redemption Premium.
    

    that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the conversion price if the Company issues shares of Common Stock or common stock equivalents
    at a price lower than the then-current conversion price of the 2021 Debentures. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
    mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the conversion price of
    the 2021 Debentures.
    

 the purchase price for the
    First 2021 Debenture was $900
000
 less $41
000 for origination fees
 which consisted of the &#8220;original issue discount&#8221; of
    $36
000 and $5
000 as a structuring fee. Pursuant to the 2021 SPA
 the purchase price for the Second 2021 Debenture will be $600
000
    less $24
000 as an &#8220;original issue discount.&#8221;
    

 the
    Company also granted the 2021 Warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 50 million shares of the Common Stock. The 2021 Warrant has a
    three-year term and is immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $0.03 per share
 subject to adjustment. If the Company fails to
    maintain an effective registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the 2021 Warrant Shares
 or if an Event of Default (as
    defined below) has occurred and is continuing
 then the holder may exercise the 2021 Warrant on a &#8220;cashless&#8221; basis. &#8220;Event
    of Default&#8221; means an event of default under the 2021 SPA or the 2021 Debentures.
    

    that
 subject to certain exceptions
 reduces the exercise price if the Company issues shares of our Common Stock or common stock equivalents
    at a price lower than the then-current exercise price of the 2021 Warrant. Any stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 recapitalizations
    mergers
 combinations and asset sales
 stock dividends
 and similar events will also result in an adjustment of the exercise price of
    the 2021 Warrant.
    

    blocker&#8221; such that the Selling Stockholder cannot exercise any portion of the 2021 Warrant that would result in the Selling Stockholder
    and its affiliates holding more than 4.99% of the then-issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock following such exercise (excluding
    for purposes of such determination
 shares of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2021 Warrant or conversion of the 2021 Debentures
    that had not then been exercised or converted
 respectively). The Selling Stockholder can increase that 4.99% &#8220;exercise blocker&#8221;
    to 9.99% upon at least 65 days&#8217; prior written notice to the Company.





    
    
Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement with the Selling Stockholder
 the Company agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1 (the &#8220;2021 Registration Statement&#8221;) with the SEC registering for resale the 2021 Conversion Shares and the 2021 Warrant Shares within 30 calendar days following the closing of the 2021 Private Placement. The Selling Stockholder has agreed to waive this 30-calendar-day provision for so long as the Company is utilizing its best efforts to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 and promptly thereafter files the 2021 Registration Statement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have the 2021 Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
 trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the 2021 Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments. Pursuant to the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company is subject to partial liquidated damages equal to 2.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder pursuant to the 2021 SPA for either of the 2021 Debentures then held by the holder for failure to file the 2021 Registration Statement timely
 failure to file with the SEC a request for acceleration in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act
 within five trading days after the date the Company is notified that the 2021 Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is not subject to further review
 the 2021 Registration Statement is not declared effective by the effectiveness deadline
 if after effectiveness
 the 2021 Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as required or if the holders are not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell for more than 30 consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of 40 calendar days during any 12-month period
 or if after the six-month anniversary of the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company does not have available adequate current public information as set forth in Rule 144(c). The parties agreed that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to a holder of the 2021 Debentures under the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement is 24% of the aggregate purchase price paid by such holder pursuant to the 2021 SPA. The Company also agreed
 among other things
 to indemnify the Selling Stockholder from certain liabilities and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the registration of the 2021 Conversion Shares and the 2021 Warrant Shares held by the Selling Stockholder.

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger with S and S Beverage
 Inc.
 the Company issued 9
000
000 shares of its common stock to the legacy S and S Beverage
 Inc. shareholders as follows: 6
300
000 shares to K &#38; L Beverage; 1
980
000 shares to William J. Stineman; 360
000 shares to William F. Stineman; 270
000 shares to Gary Kramer; and 90
000 shares to Steven Sirus. The per-share fair market value of the common stock was $0.0301
 based on the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. on February 5
 2021
 the date on which the Company filed its Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the acquisition.




    
    
On February 19
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 7
252
634 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of $150
000 of the principal of
 and $855 of accrued interest on
 the Second 2020 Debenture. At the time of conversion
 the VWAP during the previous 15 trading days was $0.0260. The Second 2020 Debenture was converted at the conversion price of $0.0208
 which was the lower of the 2020 Fixed Conversion Price and the 2020 Market Conversion Price.
  














 the date which the December 31
 2020
Financial Statements were issued
 and has determined the following events have occurred that would warrant additional disclosure:



    
    
In December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China. In January 2020
 the WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak a &#8220;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&#8221; This worldwide outbreak has resulted in the implementation of significant governmental measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 quarantines
 and travel bans intended to control the spread of the virus. Companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing travel restrictions
 and temporarily closing businesses and facilities. These restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation measures
 have had an adverse impact on global economic conditions and are likely to have an adverse impact on consumer confidence and spending
 which could materially adversely affect the supply of
 as well as the demand for
 the Company&#8217;s products. Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of COVID-19 are likely to result in sustained market turmoil
 which could also negatively impact the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and cash flow.



Company&#8217;s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread
 and intensity
of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result
 it is not
currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&#8217;s business. However
 if the pandemic continues for
a prolonged period
 it could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business
 results of operations
 financial condition
and cash flow and adversely impact the quoted price of the Common Stock on the OTCM&#8217;s OTCQB


will further impact the Company&#8217;s business will depend on future developments and
 given the uncertainty around the extent and timing
of the potential future spread or mitigation and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures
 the Company cannot reasonably
estimate the impact to its business at this time.



    
    
On January 21
 2021
 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) with Kona Gold Beverage
 Inc. (&#8220;Kona Gold&#8221;)
 pursuant to which it acquired all of the capital stock of the Company. The parties to the Merger Agreement are (i) Kona Gold
 (ii) KGS Temporary Company
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kona Gold (&#8220;Acquisition Subsidiary&#8221;)
 (iii) the Company
 (iv) William J. Stineman and K&#38;L Beverage
 LLC (as the indemnifying parties on behalf of the Company&#8217;s shareholders)
 and (v) Mr. Stineman (as representative of the Company&#8217;s shareholders). As a result of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement

 warranties
 covenants
 and agreements of the parties

 LLC
 agreed to guarantee its indemnification obligations. To consummate the Acquisition
 a Certificate of Merger was filed with the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions (the &#8220;Merger Certificate&#8221;) on February 1
 2021.



of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
 Kona Gold issued to the Company&#8217;s shareholders an aggregate of nine million
restricted shares of its common stock (the &#8220;Acquisition Stock&#8221;) on a pro rata basis. Kona Gold did not grant any registration
rights in respect of the shares of Acquisition Stock. Kona Gold also agreed to pay an aggregate of $1
050
000 (the &#8220;Aggregate Acquisition
Payments&#8221;)
 the majority of which is allocated to certain of the Company&#8217;s creditors (including one of the Company&#8217;s
legacy shareholders) and approximately $89
000 of which (the &#8220;Remaining Acquisition Payments&#8221;) is allocated to the Company&#8217;s
shareholders on a pro rata basis. $400
000 of the Aggregate Acquisition Payments were paid by February 11
 2021. The balance of the Aggregate
Acquisition Payments
 including the Remaining Acquisition Payments
 are scheduled to be paid in monthly installments
 in arrears on the
tenth calendar day of each month
 commencing on March 10
 2021
 at a rate equivalent to $2.00 per case of Lemin Superior Lemonade that
Kona Gold and the Company sells until the Aggregate Acquisition Payments have been paid in full. In addition to the Aggregate Acquisition
Payments
 Kona Gold assumed and agreed to pay certain other liabilities of the Company as set forth in the Merger Agreement.







The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020




    
    
    



are unaudited and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated in consolidation. These unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting
and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) in the United States.&#160;






    
    
    



statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Estimates also affect the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual events and results could differ from those assumptions and estimates.






    
    
    



the Company considers all unrestricted
 highly liquid investments with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.






    
    
    



are determined at discrete points in time based on relevant market information. These estimates involve uncertainties and cannot be determined
with precision. The carrying amounts of accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term
nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in
the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value. A fair value hierarchy has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest
priority to quoted price in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair
value hierarch is as follows:


for identical assets or liabilities;


that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted
prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or


are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


with features of both liabilities and equity under Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 480

from Equity

(&#8220;ASC 815&#8221;). Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair
value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair
value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the overall
fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
 the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments such as warrant and option
derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes models.


methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were determined by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model based on various assumptions. The Company&#8217;s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.






    
    
    



value. The Company determines provisions for uncollectible accounts
 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit
risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. If the Company becomes aware of a specific distributor&#8217;s
or reseller&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment of past
due accounts receivable outstanding. Bad debt attributed to accounts receivable in the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $32
768
and $14
160
 respectively. These amounts are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Loss. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the opinion
of management
 a provision was deemed necessary for uncollectible accounts for Kona and no provision was deemed necessary for Gold Leaf.
The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were $3
967 and $5
019
 respectively
 as reflected in
the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.






    
    
    



cost method
 which approximates actual cost based on a first-in
 first-out method. The Company&#8217;s inventories are valued at the lower
cost or net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s inventory consists almost entirely of finished and unfinished goods
 and freight
 which
include CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 hemp energy drinks
 cans for production
 and merchandise and apparel. The Company periodically
evaluates and adjusts inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The
shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 all inventory was current
 as reflected in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets.



Property
 plant and equipment


    
    
Property
 Plant and Equipment



 plant and equipment are reported
on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet at cost less accumulated depreciation. Assets with a useful life greater than one year
and cost greater than $100 are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.


method over the estimated useful lives of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

(in years)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  






    
    
    



and is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred
 plus the fair value of any noncontrolling
interests in the acquiree
 over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill
acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized
 but tested for impairment
at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exist that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed.
The Company has selected December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test.


lived and definite lived assets. Trademarks are deemed to have definite useful lives of ten years
 are amortized
 and are tested annually
for impairment.&#160;Intangible assets are reported on the balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortization. The Company has selected
December 31 as the date to perform the annual impairment test.


 for the year
ending December 31
 2019
 there were no identifiable assets or liabilities; therefore
 the implied fair value of goodwill is zero. Based
on this assessment
 goodwill was impaired by the full carrying amount of $61
000 at December 31
 2019
 see Note 4

Assets
 2019
 see Note 4

and Intangible Assets






    
    
    



 2019
 the Company adopted the
Financial Accounting Standards Board&#8217;s (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2016-02

842)
 which requires an entity to recognize a liability and corresponding asset for leases that meet
certain criteria. The Company applied ASC Topic 842 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach
 the Company applied
the new standards to all new leases
 and leases which have remaining obligations for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2018. The Company elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance
 which allowed
the Company to carryforward historical lease classification
 and not reassess (i) whether a contract was or contained a lease
 and (ii)
initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to January 1
 2019. Under this method
 the Company did not restate comparative
periods in its financial statements. The Company presents right-of-use assets resulting from leases separately from other assets as noncurrent
and amortized accordingly. The corresponding lease liabilities are presented separately from other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheet.


and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost
 which comprises the initial
amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date
 plus any initial direct costs incurred.
The amortization period for the right-of-use asset is from the lease commencement date to the earlier of the end of the lease term or
the end of the useful life of the asset.


at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date
 discounted using the interest rate implicit in
the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined
 the incremental borrowing rate or the risk-free rate with the election of the
practical expedient. The Company has elected to use the risk-free rate.&#160;



Revenue and provision for sales
 returns and allowances


    
    
Revenue and Provision for Sales
 Returns
 and Allowances



its products
 which primarily includes its hemp energy drinks
 CBD energy waters
 CBD waters
 and logo apparel
 to online customers or
through resellers and distributors. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers
several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 the Company&#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of
the products. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors
 and resellers when products that do not require
further services by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance
 and when collectability
is reasonably assured. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers
in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in net sales.
Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.


 and
beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.
In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant
risks and rewards of products
 the Company&#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue
from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there
are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior
to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts
billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included
in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.



 2019
 the Company adopted ASU
No. 2014-09
 (&#8220;ASC Topic 606&#8221;). The underlying principle of ASC Topic
606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at the amount expected to be collected. The implementation
of Topic ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial statements and no cumulative effect adjustment was recognized.


 ASC Topic 606
outlines a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s)
 which includes:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 the Company recognizes
revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of
products to its customers based on the written contract terms
 which is also when control is transferred.


the guidance in ASC 606-10-50-5 and the related implementation guidance to determine disaggregation of revenues that would be meaningful.
The majority of the Company&#8217;s revenue earned from its Beverages Segment and its Distribution Segment is recognized when it satisfies
a single performance obligation by transferring control of its products to a customer. The Company does not have significant financing
component or payment terms
 and it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&#8217;s revenues are obtained
in similar geographical locations within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&#8217;s operations in each of its reporting segments
are expected to have essentially the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers
are essentially the same. The sales from the Company&#8217;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment
 which the
Company refers to as the Beverages Segment
 and the sales of the Company&#8217;s products and products that are purchased from resellers
that are distributed by Gold Leaf is organized as its second reportable segment
 which the Company refers to as the Distribution Segment.
The Company has also determined that disaggregated revenue by net sales by revenue source would be meaningful and allow investors to understand
its business activities
 historical performance
 or future prospects. Disaggregated sales by revenue source
 which includes sales to distributors
online sales
 sales through Amazon
 and Gold Leaf distribution sales
 is included in Note 16
 
 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. We also sell merchandise and apparel that comprises approximately 1% of the Company&#8217;s gross annual sales
 and solely
exists to promote its beverages. Therefore
 the Company&#8217;s merchandise and apparel products are not a reportable segment. Merchandise
and apparel sales are included with the gross sales for its Beverages Segment.


certain limited rights of return. The Company records an allowance and return for each quarter for 3% of total sales. The Company recorded
sales return
 and allowance at the year ending December 31
 2020 and 2019 of approximately $28
707 and $51
159
 respectively
 which is
included in the revenues
 net of sales returns and allowances in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.






    
    
    



associated with the delivery and distribution of products. These include expenses related to direct procurement costs and shipping and
handling costs. The Company bills shipping and handling fees charged to customers as part of sales and the associated expense as part
of cost of revenues. The costs are charged to cost of revenues in the same period that the associated revenue is earned.






    
    
    



for financial impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets used in operations by measuring the carrying amount of the assets against
their estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If such evaluations indicated that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived
assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an
impairment review as of December 31
 2020 and determined long-lived assets were not impaired.&#160;






    
    
    



accordance with FASB ASC 740

 
It requires a two-step approach to evaluate tax positions and determine if they should be recognized in the financial statements. The
two-step approach involves recognizing tax positions that are &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; to occur and then measuring those positions
to determine if they are recognizable in the financial statements. Management regularly reviews and analyzes all tax and has determined
that no uncertain tax positions requiring recognition have occurred.


uncertain tax positions as of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.






    
    
    



 
(formerly
 FASB Statement 123R) (&#8220;ASC Topic 718&#8221;)
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based payment
transactions in which employee and non-employee services are acquired. The Company measures the cost of employee and non-employee services
received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Fair value for restricted stock
awards is valued using the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.00001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;)
on the date of grant.


restricted stock award as of the date of grant using the closing price as reported by the OTC Markets Group Inc. (the &#8220;OTCM&#8221;)
on the date of grant. The fair value determined represents the cost for the award and is recognized over the vesting period during which
an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. The Company accounts for forfeitures of restricted stock as they
occur.&#160;






    
    
    



and promotions as incurred. The Company includes in advertising costs inventory given away as promotional merchandise or free samples
to create sales. Advertising and promotion costs for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 were approximately $32
700 and $125
000
respectively
 which amounts were included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Loss.






    
    
    



institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. The Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the credit worthiness of the financial institutions and had determined
the credit exposure to be negligible.&#160;






    
    
    




 basic income (loss) per common share is calculated using the weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the periods reported. Diluted earnings per share include the weighted average effect of all dilutive securities outstanding during
the periods presented.


per-share loss when there is a loss from continuing operations.&#160;






    
    
    



 (&#8220;ASC
280-10&#8221;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires
selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes
standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of
an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or
decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company identified two operating segments
that report revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined
revenue
 internal and external
 of all the Company&#8217;s operating segments. Furthermore
 each of the operating segments have assets
that are 10% or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.


to the identification of its two reportable segments &#8211; the Beverages Segment
 consisting of the operations of Kona and HighDrate
and the Distribution Segment
 consisting of the operations of Gold Leaf. Specifically
 the Company has evaluated guidance in ASC 280-10
and determined that aggregation is consistent with the objectives of ASC 280-10 in that aggregation into two reportable segments allows
users of our financial statements to view the Company&#8217;s business through the eyes of management based upon the way management reviews
performance and makes decisions. Additional factors that were considered included: whether or not an operating segment has similar economic
characteristics
 the nature of the products/services under each operating segment
 the nature of the production/go-to-market process
the type and geographic location of our customers
 and the distribution of our products/services. The Company further determined that
its logo merchandise and apparel
 which revenue comprises approximately 1% of the Company&#8217;s gross annual sales
 and solely exists
for promotion purposes
 could be aggregated with the operations in the Beverages Segment. A description of the Company&#8217;s products
is contained in Note 1
For additional information regarding the Company&#8217;s two
reportable segments
 please see Note 17
 






    
    
    



 the Company completed a private
placement transaction (the &#8220;2020 Private Placement&#8221;) of three secured convertible debentures (the &#8220;2020 Debentures&#8221;)
convertible for up to 105
947
397 shares (the &#8220;2020 Conversion Shares&#8221;) of Common Stock and a Warrant to purchase Common Stock
(the &#8220;2020 Warrant&#8221;)
 exercisable for up to 20
000
000 shares of Common Stock (the &#8220;2020 Warrant Shares&#8221;)
 pursuant
to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between an otherwise unaffiliated third-party investor (the &#8220;Selling Stockholder&#8221;)
and the Company
 dated as of May 14
 2020 (the &#8220;2020 SPA&#8221;). The Company sold and issued the initial 2020 Debenture (the &#8220;First
2020 Debenture&#8221;) and granted the Warrant promptly after entering in the 2020 SPA. The Company sold and issued the second 2020 Debenture
(the &#8220;Second 2020 Debenture&#8221;) promptly after filing the registration statement on Form S-1 (the &#8220;2020 Registration Statement&#8221;)
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). The Company sold and issued the third 2020 Debenture (the &#8220;Third
2020 Debenture&#8221;) promptly after the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective. The Company agreed to register the 2020 Conversion
Shares and 2020 Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement between the Selling Stockholder and Company
dated as of May 14
 2020 (the &#8220;2020 Registration Rights Agreement&#8221;).


Rights Agreement
 the Company agreed to file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the Conversion Shares and
the Warrant Shares within 45 calendar days following the closing of the Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best
efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness
deadline
 trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the Registration Statement will
not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company
agreed to file the 2020 Registration Statement with the SEC registering for resale the 2020 Conversion Shares and the 2020 Warrant Shares
within 45 calendar days following the closing of the 2020 Private Placement. Further
 the Company agreed to use its best efforts to have
the 2020 Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the effectiveness deadline
 trading day following the date on which the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not
be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments. Pursuant to the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company is
subject to partial liquidated damages equal to 2.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA for any
of the 2020 Debentures then held by the holder for failure to file the 2020 Registration Statement timely
 failure to file with the SEC
a request for acceleration in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities
Act&#8221;)
 within five trading days after the date the Company is notified that the 2020 Registration Statement will not be reviewed
or is not subject to further review
 the 2020 Registration Statement is not declared effective by the effectiveness deadline
 if after
effectiveness
 the 2020 Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as required or if the holders are
not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell for more than 30 consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of 40 calendar
days during any 12-month period
 or if after the six-month anniversary of the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement
 the Company does not
have available adequate current public information as set forth in Rule 144(c). The parties agreed that the maximum aggregate liquidated
damages payable to a holder of the 2020 Debentures under the 2020 Registration Rights Agreement is 24% of the aggregate purchase price
paid by such holder pursuant to the 2020 SPA. The Selling Stockholder has agreed to waive this 30-consecutive-calendar-day provision for
so long as the Company is utilizing its best efforts to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
and promptly thereafter files a Post-Effective Amendment to the 2020 Registration Statement.


agreements in accordance with ASC subtopic 825-20
(&#8220;ASC 825-20&#8221;). Under ASC 825-20
the Company is required to disclose the nature and terms of the arrangement
 the maximum potential amount and to assess each reporting
period the probable liability under these arrangements and
 if exists
 to record or adjust the liability to current period operations.
ASC 825-20 specifies that the contingent obligation to make future payments or otherwise transfer consideration under a registration payment
arrangement
 whether issued as a separate agreement or included as a provision of a financial instrument
 should be separately recognized
and accounted for as a contingency in accordance with ASC 450-20
. The Company recorded no amount for this contingency
in other expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020. As a result
 there was no contingency recorded as a liability as a component of
accrued expenses as of December 31
 2020.






    
    
    



issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies as of the period ending December 31
 2020. The Company does not expect
a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 result of operations
 or cash flows from these pronouncements.











    
    
    



are unaudited and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated in consolidation. These unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting
and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) in the United States.






    
    
    



statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Estimates also affect the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual events and results could differ from those assumptions and estimates.






    
    
    



the Company considers all unrestricted
 highly liquid investments with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.






    
    
    



are determined at discrete points in time based on relevant market information. These estimates involve uncertainties and cannot be determined
with precision. The carrying amounts of accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value given their short-term
nature or effective interest rates. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in
the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value. A fair value hierarchy has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest
priority to quoted price in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair
value hierarch is as follows:


for identical assets or liabilities;


that are observable
 either directly or indirectly; such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 quoted
prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or


are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.






    
    
    



value. The Company determines provisions for uncollectible accounts
 sales returns
 and claims based upon factors including the credit
risk and activity of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. In the circumstance that the Company becomes aware
of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations
 bad debt charges are recorded based on an overall assessment
of past due accounts receivable outstanding. No bad debt was recorded in the accompanying statement of income years ending December 31
2020 and 2019
 respectively. Management will review annually to determine provisions and record an allowance as deemed necessary. In the
opinion of management
 no provision is deemed necessary for sales returns and all accounts were deemed collectible at December 31
 2020
and 2019
 respectively. The balance of allowance for Uncollectible Accounts as of December 31
 20120 and 2019 is $24
280 and $0
 respectively.






    
    
    



at the lower cost or net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s inventories consist almost entirely of finished goods and freight. We periodically
evaluate and adjust inventories for obsolescence. In the opinion of management
 no provision for obsolescence is deemed necessary. The
shelf life of all beverage inventory is two years
 and as of the balance sheet dated December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 all inventory
is current.



Property
 plant and equipment


    
    
Property
 plant and equipment



 plant and equipment are reported
on the balance sheet at cost less accumulated depreciation. Assets with a useful life greater than one year and cost greater than $100
are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.


method over the estimated useful lives of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

(in years)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  



Revenue and provision for sales
 returns and allowances


    
    
    



sales include Lemin branded lemonade drinks. In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 we consider
several indicators
 including significant risks and rewards of products
 our right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The
Company recognizes revenue from product sales to customers
 distributors and resellers when products that do not require further services
by the Company are shipped
 when there are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured.
Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts billed to customers in sales transactions related
to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling
are included in cost of products sold.


 and
beverages purchased for resale from several other beverage manufacturers to convenience stores
 grocery stores
 and smoke and gift shops.
In evaluating the timing of the transfer of control of products to customers
 the Company considers several indicators
 including significant
risks and rewards of products
 the Company&#8217;s right to payment
 and the legal title of the products. The Company recognizes revenue
from product sales to resellers when products that do not require further services by the Company are shipped or delivered
 when there
are no uncertainties surrounding customer acceptance and when collectability is reasonably assured. Cash received by the Company prior
to shipment is recorded as deferred revenue. Sales are made to customers under terms allowing certain limited rights of return. Amounts
billed to customers in sales transactions related to shipping and handling
 represent revenues earned for the goods provided and are included
in net sales. Costs of shipping and handling are included in cost of products sold.


 2019
 the Company adopted ASU
No. 2014-09
 (&#8220;ASC Topic 606&#8221;). The underlying principle of ASC Topic
606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at the amount expected to be collected. The implementation
of Topic ASC 606 had no impact on the prior period financial statements and no cumulative effect adjustment was recognized.


 Topic 606 outlines a five-step process:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




 the Company recognizes
revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied
 which occurs typically upon the transfer of control
including the risks and rewards of ownership. With respect to the Company
 performance is deemed to occur upon shipment or delivery of
products to its customers based on the written contract terms
 which is also when control is transferred.


the guidance in ASC 606-10-50-5 and the related implementation guidance to determine disaggregation of revenues that would be meaningful.
The majority of the Company&#8217;s revenue earned from its Beverages and is recognized when it satisfies a single performance obligation
by transferring control of its products to a customer. The Company does not have significant financing component or payment terms
 and
it does not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company&#8217;s revenues are obtained in similar geographical locations
within the United States. Furthermore
 the Company&#8217;s operations in each of its reporting segments are expected to have essentially
the same future prospects
 similar gross margins
 sales trends
 and the nature of its products and customers are essentially the same.
The sales from the Company&#8217;s beverage product types are organized as one reportable segment
 which the Company refers to as the
Beverages Segment






    
    
    



consist primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of products. These include expenses related to direct procurement
costs and shipping and handling costs. The Company bills shipping and handling fees charged to customers as part of sales and the associated
expense as part of cost of revenues. The costs are charged to cost of revenues in the same period that the associated revenue is earned.






    
    
    



for financial impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets used in operations by measuring the carrying amount of the assets against
their estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If such evaluations indicated that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived
assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are adjusted to fair values. Management completed an
impairment review as of December 31
 2020 and 2019 and determined long-lived assets were not impaired.






    
    
    



accordance with FASB ASC 740

 
It requires a two-step approach to evaluate tax positions and determine if they should be recognized in the financial statements. The
two-step approach involves recognizing tax positions that are &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; to occur and then measuring those positions
to determine if they are recognizable in the financial statements. Management regularly reviews and analyzes all tax and has determined
that no uncertain tax positions requiring recognition have occurred.


uncertain tax positions as of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets dated December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively.






    
    
    



and promotions as incurred. The Company includes in advertising costs inventory given away as promotional merchandise or free samples
to create sales. Advertising and promotion costs for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 were approximately $53
597 and $0
 respectively
which amounts were included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss.






    
    
    



institutions. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. The Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the credit worthiness of the financial institutions and had determined
the credit exposure to be negligible.






    
    
    



codifies as FASB ASC 260 
 basic income (loss) per common share is calculated using the weighted average number
of shares outstanding during the periods reported. Diluted earnings per share include the weighted average effect of all dilutive securities
outstanding during the periods presented.


per share loss when there is a loss from continuing operations.






    
    
    



 (&#8220;ASC
280-10&#8221;)
 establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires
selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes
standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of
an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker
 or
decision-making group
 in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company identified one operating segment
that reports revenue
 including both sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers
 that are 10% or more of the combined
revenue
 internal and external
 of the Company&#8217;s operating segment.






    
    
    



accounting pronouncements
 issued or proposed
 by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies as of the period ending September 30
 2020.
The Company does not expect a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 result of operations
 or cash flows from these
pronouncements.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.



















































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020


Depreciation is provided using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

(in years)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  









Depreciation is provided using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

(in years)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  











































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






    
    

December 31

    
    
    

December 31

    
    

    
    
    
159
813
    
    
    
107
719
    

    
    
    
343
119
    
    
    
393
021
    

    
    
    
28
692
    
    
    
41
760
    

    
    
    
11
948
    
    
    
26
304
    

    
    
    
38
705
    
    
    
86
459
    

    
    
    
33
225
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
43
362
    
    
    
31
659
    

    
    
    
1
640
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
660
504
    
    
    
686
922
    
  













    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
234
885
    
    
    
143
686
    

Trays
 Cans and Sleeves
    
    
5
912
    
    
    
87
064
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
24
246
    

    
    
    
240
797
    
    
    
254
996
    
  







Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
57
879
    
    
    
52
450
    

    
    
    
16
638
    
    
    
14
225
    

    
    
    
79
951
    
    
    
50
187
    

    
    
    
68
135
    
    
    
46
200
    

    
    
    
(54
731
    
    
    
(20
656
    

Property
 plant and equipment
 net
    
    
167
872
    
    
    
142
406
    
  








Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment consisted of
the following:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
14
500
    
    
    
29
000
    

    
    
    
(2
311
    
    
    
(15
843
    

Property
 plant and equipment
 net
    
    
12
200
    
    
    
13
168
    
  







Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










  
    
    
    
December 31

    
    
    
December 31

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
61
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(61
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  








    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
81
750
    
    
    
81
750
    

    
    
    
(12
262
    
    
    
(4
087
    

    
    
    
69
488
    
    
    
77
663
    
  




Estimated future amortization expense related to the intangible
asset is as follows:&#160;



    

December 31
 2021
    
    
8
175
    

December 31
 2022
    
    
8
175
    

December 31
 2023
    
    
8
175
    

December 31
 2024
    
    
8
175
    

December 31
 2025
    
    
8
175
    

    
    
    
28
613
    

    
    
    
69
488
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Branded Legacy Note and the investment
in Branded Legacy consisted of the following:&#160;



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
500
000
    
    
    
1
500
000
    

    
    
    
(1
500
000
    
    
    
(1
500
000
    

Note receivable
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Company recognized stock-based compensation
expense
 which is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Loss
 as follows:&#160;



    
    

    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
476
002
    
    
    
290
100
    

    
    
    
2
578
    
    
    
834
388
    

    
    
    
478
580
    
    
    
1
124
488
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 related tax benefit.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






December 31
 2021
    
    
68
000
    

    
    
    
68
000
    
  













December 31
 2021 &#8211; December 31
 2022
    
    
    
    

November 1
 2023
    
    
798
261
    

    
    
    
798
261
    
  












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





2020 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020







The derivative liabilities were valued using
Black-Scholes pricing model with the following average assumptions:&#160;



    
    
December 31
&#160;2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    




The following table summarizes the changes
in the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2020:&#160;



    
    
    
31
 2020
    
    
    






(Level 1)
    
    
    



(Level 2)
    
    
    


(Level 3)
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
361
152
    
    
    
    
    
  




The following table sets forth a summary
of change in fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2020:&#160;



Fair value
 January 1
 2020
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
148
628
    

&#160;Fair value
 June 30
 2020
    
    
148
628
    

    
    
    
(39
725
    

    
    
    
108
903
    

Fair value
 September 30
 2020
    
    
217
806
    

    
    
    
(69
051
    

    
    
    
212
397
    

Fair value
 December 31
 2020
    
    
361
152
    
  




























































































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the right-of-use
asset and lease liability related to the operating leases were as follows:



    
    

December 31

    
    
    

December 31

    
    

    
    
    
1
072
094
    
    
    
378
013
    

    
    
    
(159
101
    
    
    
(39
709
    

Right-of-use asset
 net
    
    
912
993
    
    
    
338
304
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
149
407
    
    
    
71
032
    

    
    
    
763
586
    
    
    
286
139
    

    
    
    
912
993
    
    
    
357
171
    
  




The future payments due under operating leases
is as follows:



    
    
    
    

December 31
 2021
    
    
149
407
    

December 31
 2022
    
    
154
416
    

December 31
 2023
    
    
160
631
    

December 31
 2024
    
    
167
587
    

December 31
 2025
    
    
167
537
    

    
    
    
113
415
    

    
    
    
912
993
    
  































































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Schedule of net revenues
 by revenue source
The following tables presents our net revenues
by revenue source
 and the period-over-period percentage change
 for the period presented:



    
    
Years Ended December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
315
007
    
    
    
438
745
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
133
787
    
    
    
87
965
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
93
124
    
    
    
55
190
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
555
    
    
    
332
371
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
339
    
    
    
24
663
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(51
159
    
    
    
(28
707
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
631
653
    
    
    
910
227
    
    
    
    
    
  



Schedule of net revenues
 by revenue source
 as a percentage
The following tables presents our net revenues
by revenue source
 as a percentage of total net revenues for the periods presented:



    
    
Years Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sales Returns
 and Allowances
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  








































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The following tables present information
about our reportable segments.



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
824
835
    
    
    
800
378
    

    
    
    
(146
894
    
    
    
44
809
    

    
    
    
105
671
    
    
    
(40
630
    

    
    
    
783
612
    
    
    
804
557
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
063
074
    
    
    
514
312
    

    
    
    
85
546
    
    
    
40
356
    

    
    
    
8
233
    
    
    
10
205
    

    
    
    
1
156
853
    
    
    
564
873
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
879
305
    
    
    
1
356
599
    

    
    
    
72
576
    
    
    
61
027
    

    
    
    
1
424
367
    
    
    
98
020
    

    
    
    
3
376
248
    
    
    
1
515
646
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
616
018
    
    
    
1
685
260
    

    
    
    
192
350
    
    
    
159
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
808
368
    
    
    
1
844
760
    




    
    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

REVENUES
 NET OF SALES
 RETURNS
 AND ALLOWANCES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
635
669
    
    
    
718
455
    

    
    
    
83
051
    
    
    
332
371
    

    
    
    
(87
067
    
    
    
(140
599
    

Total Revenues
 Net of Sales
 Returns
 and Allowances
    
    
1
631
653
    
    
    
910
227
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
333
135
    
    
    
492
096
    

    
    
    
68
012
    
    
    
249
780
    

    
    
    
(87
067
    
    
    
(87
699
    

    
    
    
1
314
080
    
    
    
654
177
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
372
392
    
    
    
1
729
768
    

    
    
    
150
401
    
    
    
276
248
    

    
    
    
65
815
    
    
    
608
808
    

    
    
    
3
588
608
    
    
    
2
614
824
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
483
366
    
    
    
(45
292
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
745
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(724
274
    

    
    
    
(1
483
366
    
    
    
(766
821
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
586
492
    
    
    
(1
548
700
    

    
    
    
(135
362
    
    
    
(190
912
    

    
    
    
(65
815
    
    
    
(1
385
983
    

    
    
    
(1
787
669
    
    
    
(3
125
595
    
  







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The breakdown of the Company&#8217;s accounts
receivable is as follows:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
22
166
    
    
    
119
771
    

    
    
    
28
707
    
    
    
51
1599
    

    
    
    
3
967
    
    
    
5
019
    

Accounts Receivable
 net
    
    
(10
508
    
    
    
63
5934
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life








Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




099


514
160





967


019







000



Sales
 returns and allowance

707


159












700


000





000





















280














597







000





















768


160



































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as noncurrent.
















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




813


719





119


021





692


760





948


304





705


459





225







362


659





640







504


922












885


686



Trays
 Cans and Sleeves

912


064







246





797


996



































































































































































































































































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of other inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




731)


656)



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net

872


406












311)


843)



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net

200


168










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

879


450










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

638


225










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

951


187










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

135


200










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

500


000







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details Narrative) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




075


937























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




















000







000)














































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











750


750





262)


087)





488


663







Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











175







175







175







175







175







613





Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net

488


663







Amount of amortization for asset
 excluding financial asset and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018















000
















000
000 shares
 representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
 $0.01 par value per share
 of BigSupersearch.com
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&#8220;BigSupersearch&#8221;)
 and 14
000
000 shares of its Series A preferred stock
 for $61
000
 which amount included the purchase price
 attorney fees
 and transfer fees.











With respect to a business combination completed during the period
 this element provides a description of the business
 other than the name
 which may include the industry
 size
 products and other important information.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




500
000


500
000





500
000)


500
000)



Note receivable
 net
























Amount of valuation allowance for receivables classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount
 before allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable.




























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable. Excludes financing receivable covered under loss sharing agreement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Mar. 06
 2018
Apr. 14
 2017
Oct. 10
 2016
Nov. 26
 2019
Jun. 30
 2016
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018





















Common stock
 shares outstanding



803
392








308
041


967
603




































500
000


500
000








































648






















Common stock dividends
 shares



196
608


































Remaining investment
 shares

803
392



















746
723

















Preferred stock
 shares converted

803
380




































Remaining investment
 shares







746
723











Debt instrument
 principal amount







500
000

















































Restricted shares issued for acquisition
 shares









000
000









Restricted shares issued for acquisition
 amount









000



















000















































Business acquisition
 shares issued





000
000




























































































Amount of valuation allowance for receivables classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




580


124
488












002


100












578


388







































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











386
497


386
500





085
140


862
000







860
346































































Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares granted under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
May 05
 2018

















000














  2022









470


470







102


037

































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













December 31
 2021

000





000








December 31
 2021




November 1
 2023

261





261







Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Apr. 04
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Aug. 29
 2019
Feb. 19
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020






000








000


000


000















161











470








470


470


470



















  2022







037








102


037


102


























760








761


760


761


































000




000


































045



















000



















  2023



















776




776







760








761


760


761


































700




700


































  2023











000








000


000


000







700














































000




000


































953




953















000




000


































000




000





















































000




000


































000




000


































  2023







Kona Gold
 LLC




























000













500








500


500


500
































  2021











500
000





















151








369
651


151


369
651





  2021





























397




397






















Gold Leaf
 LLC


























000















500








500


500


500






























  2021

















000

















000








500


000


500









  2021

























545




545












































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





2020 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT (Details)














































152


























































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





2020 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT (Details 1) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2020
Sep. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




152


806


628





Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]





















Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]












152









Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]


































152









Convertible Promissory Notes [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]





















Convertible Promissory Notes [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]












152









Convertible Promissory Notes [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]

























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





2020 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT (Details 2) - USD ($)




Dec. 31
 2020
Sep. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2020













806


628







051


725)







397


903


628





152


806


628




























































































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





2020 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES
 AND 2020 WARRANT (Details Narrative) - USD ($)





Dec. 23
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019






000









000
000


















000
000



























000









000









000









000









000







255
438
















Conversion of Stock
 Amount Converted

000
















Conversion of Stock
 Amount Converted

274




















000









000









000









000


















000









000









000









000


























































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.






















































































The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 04
 2020
May 31
 2020











161














  2022
















000

































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Jul. 15
 2019
Feb. 11
 2019
Dec. 23
 2020
Jul. 30
 2020
Jul. 30
 2019
Apr. 17
 2019
Mar. 18
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Jul. 08
 2020
Jul. 07
 2020
Apr. 14
 2017


Preferred stock
 shares par value


























Preferred stock
 shares issued















140


988
000









Preferred stock
 shares outstanding















140


988
000









Common stock
 shares par value


























Common stock
 shares authorized















500
000
000


000
000









Common stock
 shares issued















308
041


967
603









Common stock
 shares outstanding















308
041


967
603






803
392



Number of restricted common stock issued
 shares

















860
346









Shares issued for subscription
 value















002)


100)









Shares issued for services
 value

















000
































































































255
438
















































Debt conversion
 converted instrument
 amount





000
















































Debt conversion
 converted instrument
 amount





274


















































000
000


000
000

























000


000




















































458
600


620
000






























































000
000


000
000

























000


000




















































952
000





































































Shares issued for services
 shares









000
000

















Shares issued for services
 value









000












































Preferred stock
 shares par value


























Preferred stock
 shares authorized















000
000


000
000









Preferred stock
 shares issued

















000
000









Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

















000
000












































000
000














































Debt conversion
 converted instrument
 shares issued







000
000














































Preferred stock
 shares par value


























Preferred stock
 shares authorized















200
000


200
000









Preferred stock
 shares issued















000


000









Preferred stock
 shares outstanding















000


000



























000




































Preferred stock
 shares par value


























Preferred stock
 shares authorized

















300
000




300
000





Preferred stock
 shares issued


























Preferred stock
 shares outstanding










































000


000




































Preferred stock
 shares par value


























Preferred stock
 shares authorized















000


000









Preferred stock
 shares issued















000


000









Preferred stock
 shares outstanding















000


000

























000


000




































Common stock
 shares par value


























Common stock
 shares authorized















000


000









Common stock
 shares issued















000


000









Common stock
 shares outstanding















000


000



































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.







































































































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























Apr. 03
 2020
Dec. 02
 2016
Mar. 02
 2016
Jan. 27
 2020
Jul. 31
 2019
Jul. 30
 2019
May 23
 2019
Apr. 30
 2019
Dec. 29
 2017
May 16
 2016
Apr. 19
 2016
Oct. 28
 2015
Dec. 31
 2020
Jul. 08
 2020
Jul. 07
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Jan. 16
 2019
Sep. 07
 2018
Jan. 24
 2018
Apr. 14
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 30
 2016
Mar. 03
 2016


Common stock
 shares issued

























308
041






967
603











































863






640

















Preferred stock
 shares par value
















































Preferred stock
 shares issued

























140






988
000











































308
041






967
603








803
392



































500
































































































000
000

































































































































000
000














000
000
























































































000
000












000
000



























Number of common stock cancelled
 value









000












000
000





































































000
000






































































































000
000


































































































000
000




















































Preferred stock
 shares par value
















































Preferred stock
 shares issued


















































































































































Preferred stock
 shares par value
















































Preferred stock
 shares issued

























000






000



















































































































Preferred stock
 shares par value
















































Preferred stock
 shares issued





































000

















































900




























































Preferred stock
 shares par value
















































Preferred stock
 shares issued

























000






000



















































































































Preferred stock
 shares par value
















































Preferred stock
 shares issued

















000

















































500

















































500
































































































000
000


































































































000

































Number of common stock cancelled
 value















500











































860
346


























































































000
000


































































































500








































































































000
000


































































































500


























































































Common stock
 shares issued



000
000













































Defer receipt
 shares



000
000

















































000
000




























000
000

















































100
000


































































Preferred stock
 shares issued













































































































































000

















































000
000


































































860
346







































































































































Common stock
 shares issued



































000
000

















































000















































































































Common stock
 shares issued



































000

















































800















































































































Common stock
 shares issued

































000
000

















































000

















































































































Common stock
 shares issued













000

















































000


































































































000

















































100









































































































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 03
 2020
May 23
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019










860
346


















250









000


500




















578


388




































































Fees paid to advisors who provide certain management support and administrative oversight services including the organization and sale of stock
 investment funds
 limited partnerships and mutual funds.




























Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











114







069
















  2020







  2023







994






































































Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Term of lessee's operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











052


013





742)


709)



Right-of-use asset
 net

993


304












407


032





586


139





993


171




















































































































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















407





416





631





587





537





415



Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due

993
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 17
 2020
May 22
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020








069



Gold Leaf
 LLC












429


895







500




















522







Amount of liability for lease payments received
 including variable lease payments
 when collectability is not probable at commencement date for sales-type lease.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




227


631
653



Change in revenue
 percentage















745


315
007



Change in revenue
 percentage















965


787



Change in revenue
 percentage















190


124



Change in revenue
 percentage















371


555



Change in revenue
 percentage















663


339



Change in revenue
 percentage















707)


159)



Change in revenue
 percentage






































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Revenue
 percentage













Revenue
 percentage













Revenue
 percentage













Revenue
 percentage













Revenue
 percentage













Revenue
 percentage





















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




612


557





156
853


873





386
756


515
646





808
368


844
760



Revenues
 net of sales
 returns
 and allowances:

227


631
653





177


314
080





614
824


588
608





821)


483
366)





125
595)


787
669)












835


378





063
074


312





879
305


356
599





616
018


685
260



Revenues
 net of sales
 returns
 and allowances:

455


635
669





096


333
135





729
768


372
392





292)


483
366





548
700)


586
492)












894)


809





546


356





576


027





350


500



Revenues
 net of sales
 returns
 and allowances:

371


051





780


012





248


401





745







912)


362)












671


630)





233


205





424
367


020










Revenues
 net of sales
 returns
 and allowances:

599)


067)





699)


067)





808


815





274)







385
983)


815)



































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.




























Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Jun. 13
 2019
Jun. 17
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019



















750


750














Shares issued for settlement
 value



250




















500









Shares issued for settlement
 shares



000


















Shares issued for settlement
 value



245



































































Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018




125
595)


787
669)







370
123)


230
347)







244
151)


990
976)


200
545)














469)


792)







438)


613)







052)


583)









Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











166


771





707


159





967


019



Accounts Receivable
 net

508)


593































































Amount
 before allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as noncurrent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




508)


593





227


631
653





166


771





707


159





967


019





967


019












972


261





438







280







280












Concentration Risk
 Percentage








166












Concentration Risk
 Percentage










471










Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage








000












Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage








300












Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage








718







280












Concentration Risk
 Percentage








669












Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage








365


313































































Amount
 before allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business.

























































Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as noncurrent.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Mar. 10
 2021
Feb. 01
 2021
Jan. 12
 2021
May 04
 2020
Feb. 28
 2021
Feb. 19
 2021
Jan. 25
 2021
Apr. 15
 2021





























161






































  2022
































050
000


















































300
000






































000
000






































980
000






































000






































000






































000


























050
000
















































252
634


183
613











































Conversion of Stock
 Amount Converted











000


000
























Conversion of Stock
 Amount Converted













411








































000



















000



















000



















000






































000



















000
































958
678
































487






































  2026








































































Conversion of Stock
 Amount Converted





000
































Conversion of Stock
 Amount Converted





425














































094
732











































Conversion of Stock
 Amount Converted













000
























Conversion of Stock
 Amount Converted













118















































































































































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 

O87!P+GAM

M3L

B7ZU-P.P2E*S[ #K_1!
M[1#JJKH!AZ2
(@4SL/ +D
MZ(]3U\(%


(@XO?!30+





MUES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!
M$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

+$P&IG/U9K
MQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M&N#C\7@XMLO2
5 TR



*
M$IY&V[I4_5*E=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FOH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+

M2O2QS'!.'LL

5O& RN0
MHGQ


MYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE



MDI &$P'-E


U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5
V[&KXF

)%K/]8UA[Y

MYA

?-2K6J5D*Q$_

0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:


P:8V&]MJ#' U%JJ
PX0^2J#2.

W22#^*_5\\'U#/Z/DB4O8O

^U)+N!MG!Y-QN7I$V^+Z?D
MC]__'#H:1
TMQ\\%KC





MKPG4(]^$QE

3G'*&E)29M0



-G9.JWVM
M1O&9*XRLM'\/=^RBU#27V0K7F!H[H%:2X8HU9&47\'#K/G(V*'DH_8V0U=\F
MKK

L64&+9L!
M;=0
9C&7&U-=MZ@M^ 3\8XEE;FK$:PC*SL;=019F_D&_0#%=H=5;;6J



M?7)U$1^R
(C$?0+2PV[G)S]N1!B_7 [@X/6#K\'3-LL_&%]=[/TGL139M_U]

8G#/X--


MB/+;N
_?*QC.\4)#H%B8KQ
M<%N0W[Y^G2U6X'JYG*V6E@'Q:4!<#$C:!O33+?C#5CG+\1?A^#9#T64I:94




%Y%^H$-Y
X9R

X:


M_O
#U?.B( ?ME)N*?9P&YCMFH(W
4/.&=5C5_5)
@G8H'94KBJ-1MWI! W8@
 @9[=
MQUU9EKV(#<CB<G$@$O.]\O1;(L*3:BL7WG^E$4*;
@.MDDB-D$FZ^=D\YIT

M08YAVX15J$3GK
:Z?-59*(MVQFESS6TPA%26/Z1E*8(4-E'_A5F_L@$KB&$[




MSGZ;3^8KV\@*3M@.ITF\V\416.;('X(/'_



M5JR_F[W4._H






26XZ%N82MYED@QW\HEJH1]74.']H=)/J[@B^]QCNLG







7G


M%&65!

^B -=G@0\2_T]-'



M&Z%G-([%;;K-4NBW6@JVE$(YJ@'5U6UQ4?^(ZR
#6OA8%VO6#17WJ+Z=&A
MEE2PAQ7V\'KLR\MWJ''T!SYR!V[7.R



UC76F HK

6](VF+''U2#.N5)5WFZML
MC:.K2&


_V4C2P630WM@S4!6+DMN=4;FD9
MV
HRLUO:!M;^];FG96 [RUAC*JRT#'P-RT!='N(CVCFR'D*HH66@- R\MV&@

M!;Z&6: N#.



&ULO5E;;^(X
M%/XK%IJ'&:DMOB1.4K5(%+(=) H5H9U=K?8A!0/1Y,(Z+NW^^W4)1 [+M.9

(:3L)H[35N2JOW?/.5?8LXBAE]QSDSTD2\G]N


+?+(OS
M\C]XV=G%I@]YR)+=H,E@B1*M[_AZRX0!P,0;1B =P-P?8#5,(#L!I2Z!99
M2:L?BK!SQ;

X AAAI O9.'(\\ A^RC1TI_5H._
MB?_HCQ[\X R
_&D1LZ [+
XF_O1A

'.N6=


ZRA('/0[FPOH %SQ(@I;
(;)9J ^HI.
XQL5W'L6J -88$

L


MIC


T70I2Z%#9'!E:AB9(Q
T34
QT$ 9(GX [&H]!;]?T





MHS0'

M971S+W-H965T-2YX;6R-E
ENVS 0AE]E(/20 &VTV
$'0:0<<E6CMS:8V984FLY!Z4

YO?I_

91O_4K


M]&RAL@&TOI+2' 9V@_8A3'X#4$L#!!0    ( 

XJ   8

M%8F!U);0H-
VJ-/I







M%S(/BI)++'EOV(K# _)(28EV=)-U$8E1(C@=[(?2;XGK&.'=N&CFU#M1VL
ML/.);J
TC=(M6U8Q24/Z'A0[DM

-









EN$W#+*'@79P5A7Q$\G8&W%9U)$/+L0SY4+P#

ML^/






MI ^E#F.F2+M=9%G8Y'XT7^@C&XXSL^/OYF7\_;6DE8@SQ?&ZRP\']#$-@)PI
MWAD@1-#CZ+0_EL- [A Y6 &^[G)AZB\79XW&]#8&L-FQ#W',N2;DHN#=EB




M(%
^_4*:!2'-EW(JJF^PK6,1LDZ%I(7#5@I*')6_^)?32%V (YW




_0?+S

=MKDN:OSN$?RC'A1*%]
)4]?

_


V$I+PBXHEP(TY]V



$%     @ Q8N/


M/A5+GHM?'HMR$=7B:_DTJ)8ECY+FI$4V0)['!HLHS7L79\VQ:7EQ5JSJ+
WY


5EE]

M0.T3B.4$O#D!-X:N-6O
NHKJZ.*L+%Y *:7%:/)#XYOF;&%-FLO;.*M+\6LJ


K\.%O
M'\\&M;BH/'40;RYPN;X LEP (OUR.MY!:[SA?[ PR$MEN5T:O*E\@YXA6/
M/P$



@+L12
MCXL\3C,.<J%UFL?%@LOC\EL<57.P+(OG5,P,\/ +B.A41G)Y5RXWL:TFS.FF
M*RXB6YQ&ZWB1)VX*






DH38YQWCWC(G:!ZW&006S &



&\ &
0*137=%5P2/='LILZ&X(Q/:C-Y*WG:G\T9[



M1V[V6PS
FF-NVW1R4TH#I-EF(#SUH6^[-PKQR(WXB:ET_R P(DO6C[NYN.S1
M-?FWT0X3P['O0:0M()
DPAXFOL46!7SD']N]&4^^7\\.Z-X@163D)O)T58JR
M7BP\4#Q*)PJ'U;]^ \LLDKF1J%SXGZMT*5LH1K^9D!Q2TBXD3'(0^2RP.4T1


M&4%JX3Y6K

]9H846J_%0K!N*
CK6[%;C
TX0]F@W26

M'71X3/


VV@7&<.7V[NOP_OQ[<2Y3ZQ@23I@V2R@*%WGYZ^[K]%/



F\_LK%QWOLQMW&O :R!

M]G559*!N

_HDL#U
0E6TI^[*Z1U;6-2P*XA8@-J)ND$N#VJ:[@



MH3*(P1!;GB%AKLHR?YUNZ


#V1:Z+
M_P!02P

M0










B
MDM=2
K80!RDK6[7TG2:[C(&9@P)UZ79




6G5&;?
MBUELFV&'S
+)4&M/A35*L)J@ XJY=8SPF

T
:7_YZ\79_M$/



MK9

%$%G
:
PBA)(]Z
5E-# 0G)0)!C'V-MMQ6]=S(-!DI2'+BHS



M%Y-

#!-4HWHZ1

PH7/9GN
M YSEEU3T

<'Q^E;]^WV]-L%Y-:*KC

M$D
*
8AA
(!DYM=?/^8)@I+L)












; W;HXFEC0Q*05;+60@6[L::#P5.'











[A&V%A72.U_MII)#5X-%
L
MO0E%3!A

MQ^\@DZJD@06HA5D+(@.7K-VOQZ#)81NPAQM ):P:T-A5W@P#FMDIA)TBW=OF
MUWVM@1EU_+[0%9E.#*&.Y!(NDU\ZQ-@DPWC9YJY)-3-?Q(LZ0/'DO!^P


M\+L.! %^_BHL(TC;OJ!U8!QHZLN\)7& Z_^HB@5^$&^N0SWOF
0BGH@/_O7B

M
!_0#BRZ.7&L (QJ1SE/9D]4M5%)JR5L$87 !QX0^18*/NWM6C.:8*-P=
M ^QDMMB=J02DHF'FW!I%QD+#Q@$ E!)LV 58&]&CH:
?*=FJF3FP8
^0HE*
M&@T/ZT1WTQ9X
PSW?S31=XT*$
*F:^ KV$]5_H:OA=50


M

M)9+&5
AI!S

MGWD&6P=;64U;.;O(FX4E2G\2GM1!/NM+\JM(9AE#[@G M\I!PQ==Y(-&IZJ!
MGU&Z !K1%[8KY2UO@XE^Z#M+PVL%*D=AS &$R0PYOO%1 \+G9'_\G;PNKUW
M?Y(]?/(?
)[XX-L_  $%2!FQ298M79VIK

M1#JSKG=

=H%-V[$*TX&D


X'%ZZ!DBR0K58!=O/3:@4(;P'



M@Q:IUS)%1O.$SY$S9UW3




M_W2(F/#^T'M



2-$4U1[+G(T*[

MT+/1I/Z%]5$.IZLNC#NO/87+I6(5[*XXO-PGZ+P;=W(XU)0$+M)]P*?P


$@3$&GC.Y

9Q.$96M1?RC8I/AF0^/+*GXTY!I,<TM(M8Y+ITBC/!S/6U:X? K2#




)P]J-H_ T7H23#@M'\+B0

MVI2)86
E$



A@0!=%\O
\DRV%(
MQ0@

M%SY8YK/?+J)FR
^S[J$[\Q;+'!:.HIQ-Z3+E8#12!

[V4Q\3&I7Z;Z+.3*U )#D27E+N:F8:G
M&FV3LXG3W+ CK8QU'2G
18SEXJW6+ZZH*H.AR%DC$(3#]IR!S'O&HJ*8OZ%
MDD]6=WK-A+F4BW*U4A1

]L+#D);!X($RM#1)#;D9.6+
M*'&_N=$U& ]K


M3[412%BX8D;T4PH
G]C2]=4
R?
[CR12^+A44@)!%D*A&P*
5%

M]QLW8Y;Z(PNX13DGEV

\1 6)8!'P&E\O/X'+.9J%O
E'2=X478AUIY[\^A<L?!P==TGSO)&


M5+6LO%R)VT+I19.O+LB39FF%/(M2=+ X7+YDTV;I@XK]):
2&YB!I(_%9:@C

M%$I:V$K5WJE2!-\[) 3-P.*
6Y[8QXGZ^_9&NK

MY-:BPK$_AC:H)U;,]_&FS=8(^R/@=O:LEV4\


M0^8UVJ0&:R #$Y?CH D32EQ 4MR;/


CHC

3(=Z)U&C'4:D#CA5D?*;H&_FJ8UB?Y0=X:D

%8Z-
[BB=^\E

_MGR_8)MF6^ECY#
*
22] /J7@/
#-S



4DER^TJ*B4_O*Z +:G9%6]&(+SU[.


)2_;-9NU/.@+A7AMA[&C&$J+



M1R3FXWC&QD= T+H(GMT$EUI%+J+G&[3LPAU+=_^2RS?!_E#  WJM%']N*Y1:

N;$P/F/ITC/+L%!^GP?=&T\.
ML0PE$T-VF:N4ITG^M%+YR#@3WC@[0^


Z7B6NUJ$JJ(AJ)_^(.!C.:X:2L

MB=Z8*!N


.GOC[


M7

8 @6^8
.72EI_!H_6YB'];8!XF-A8P7[A@74I



\ #V 




HEJ::ZL(V-G%&MF\-,IBC2W,)OJ2:PS M/ E

5@5$?5R^QJMW$3:RDU^:2LW[UJG
M;7FN*Y+KL=IFR[?2=WSK]6P;ZLKV^3W;;ME Z'=U9F-E
-B93=QU9KM=9S9W



_H]W7!^-PF&!O7X\6?V 3C
V_$BZ_; ^/Z&^SN[OV?WP/CAAOL



M?!C%72=4D$QQ.XE1U'-BRY O[3@QBAM


M\!UQ^9?


M-/QM?&M8WN+6L/P]MX;?WO;6

7DYUCKRM)C_Y^PFGR/

]Z)GJ([\'3G:/S]T61G#[X
PY\]68&&?\T.
MD*S4'#[='ST\W.&HI/O1ZA5.B?^7
6 BTY\7*@?Y@ /@_5SKUOW !8!'/Q)X
MS_X/4$L#!!0    ( 
6+CU(*NLH'-0




MVG1?V/6^//.AW!JKFCV8%#25[/_BVSX/1X \_ F [P&\T]UOU*F\$E9
QUKM

H]=-9#^4^@

GV2\PO(


]W
@7E%;I5R@5U:NQN 2U


^[BS A^KRII7886HL8C+UI-



MLM1FN^&&WC74SH'65TK9P\1M
+R4TW\!4$L#!!0    ( 
6+CU+[^.9HPP

MO$'1 MSH+MNI8\!)'+1 DGJ3M
5BL0^
-+:)2J)*4G6\7[]#RM8F0&/T(?LB





F2M3=GS_N
MXO!$8?220K13B)S=W4'.R@MN^'2BY :4E28T.WN.FTR3M0V*7=&T:X@/3-=
MW'Y:S&_O_V2PN)K=W


&F$I


M1T$X9K#A%(2F4?)14%UCN86C.&'!
'4R1VG&QO&06HYNT#6-DJRS.T*#J/.R

MEZ4H7*3N#/VLT]KF_TIJ?7R [DE/]^0@/^^Z;

9_B 35PA_7;NP_'T .^VQ

S[E+\




UV[7)7RFR%;%X4PFTN9Z_5Y;]3;#ORFEBO' X.+LTHLY4RZ
M_U3?#-X&K95
%;*T2I=DY.*\-QV=7A[R?#_A=R77MO-
'

&
M)'.9.K8@\.]17LD\9T. \;VQV6M=\L+N\];Z+SYVQ#(75E[I_ ^5N=5Y;]*C
Y;5PXN+


]I)7[(T2^JQ+M[)T


?%



MG10+E
KW6AF943**A\





L 4<
E0)E7D^_UDUJ:B4$WE(
QD3IIL+]Q


M-T=#F
?^
[N*QD?#@V1X



FNW36
;2;0U^0B&GW+:I\^BQ.7$


X[-7Z7P3)B;Q








MZ

M+V $:UJ3IHU)E]
W)5Z+9




M5S'C[%HHON)&
?D[+TFYL)N/Q/\E\6N6393-9
M]K-N8MA
A

V3E



5E]S4
M%?MN/









K.]@\_



+BBL0
T7N**Y[KR


BY@@B'0Y'





!
^?(8;

M-A#^KE]Q\(I]4F))MA
U30(DKHL66U[09!N&81\8Z6P1D4B5I.IXOWYWI*PZ

MPM'4K
&K!=TPBSN<1:K\]&


M@RNM7&5AH4HLGP.


L4X\WF0/WN)3
M)]T&_KAXL
Z0'/Y\ 7

T?0/[@.&^0ICK


\;+S1S?W\:AL@ T1;@
#N4K./B@R5=B!*W;(M\1TNKR?3=J:@
M8PAM+111

S/D@E
M
+65
-4O2UW$07YK$

N@U%O


M$



\






NR0\K:DO1\ ':7VKMMA-V
#2Z
MYW\#4$L#!!0    ( 
6+CU+YW]Q\/@


MB%R)F(   X!6]/?=!6E&GL9^Z(N(RYZS9R]8S??&?G

MQ!45UL*-38.:;K;&UL+3UNX2UU@490#5*LG3](^D%E)'RWDXN[?+N6F]DAKO
H%!.1C.\]9S2X
M9.#Q^H7]*L1.L6R$P[517V7IJT4TBZ#$K6B5?S#[/[&/YY3YJ-<^(5]9SM)
M(RA:YTW=@TE!+77W%3_Z/!P!9F\!\AZ0!]V=HZ#R0GBQG%NS!\O6Q
:+$&I

!.PXTX
MPFG(YO%\)?1 D@Y6BQ!:@I+P!=B')DMK.E

-IS;DVF:QFF:CD=/S/P:0V^GM50#<Q1+GH/0%('CE\U/E-TZT$;_7K36
MLGK3NRH*4S='UC-VFAGEP%VZ^$HH(B/'+WNS&<E\^\=]!R8/_7R4;%):S

7E?=C#+_07 ERI($&*E5(




MF[5+6K@^7EF_L+EC+A.F^9G
_\@2

K%[_P*A\;8QS;?_




-6$
*E%&:FX5PD/-DTT
Y)L]]NZNKX[AR'\\-U!& 0_P6[3C5$;7DLQ?6ZX*E Q
M$P.Q1%5KHT&F8!82A#0<YFS))CG7J  S X:2SYGA3Y79GG8'Z$:P'7L9$3
MKBI0@@,/?I60:9UB5
9C T35,)WA9X%.IEG!%UC

M;SQ@&G*.AF/)ID9!ZFR:298#G.5B3B;XX@5LA2&%K=W_-]OPV7JNU



MY[$
IR]E9@:2TH(T0@YST%[@PL+!IPC@3
MTS5X)BQG:-Z%G6D7+#.  N;% U^A;[



MX0





MS=YC1J)*#[Y_H*]6\49[B-Y4O6\@Q9/^L1\\@=?/W:'G]Z*UDW?!*WE..![T



MJQ%LZT

/,^7/QX<
MV&BN%M+VLJ5*\6::F87,\6AF!W9IE(SYT(Y&/;[+P\64J=[[][PVI5Y]R8K

1Z

LNR.'B[CMWM](D@E*LH)@L2?









DYO/:


4N B@-L@!=ND.

MS T$3$!:DI06XOEC*W_U&KNM57EM*/X1FY6
YO17X]$6$ZMC+0W9;MM\9XB
M97)DO-*^UPVCGJS9/3HGWDU)JRBFSR+[N:0L3)A)UU-E&%%GM_5@[=X%8;=

M89 9T  BCOL_E)HAXN!=L=0PIOLL*19*K#B1 I($'-0%CC[QS*/Z_.7TJH1)
\T@R



&Z(Y!D,/2GH?(A=AL+O,K,.#.T-8M0&9N$-
M(-R%A!,%A<-BB;4&CBVB C;U59E(V[:BR^3.HIS+6$ %%%^A/Z5*P!2U&@#B
ML)&RDK6/!ETRATJAD@A=E54.A1/PH]8FSJAG0&SAW


M/B@3.-G!4JY9]!S2'B1P]%


M#@Q@$LT4Z
WVP$)!BSJ& $Z[RQ/LJ7S-DT.P&(-#*5J@H!LA/*':5Y*!4G
MTQ7TIERUTHP)P(M.:@F[X5A3BKA(8U=
;JBV26BW&05L1J]KK;(3[4Z^S5C_







7

M_0'C8M;W'2*0(.%QIHARU_8 4T_\G()
6

MZGQW?S 

BF
M.]C0-1=_T
H[9STLG5&_)9WA_[-T.KG0-1


AQYC=RM].;

 :$YE$1<*GEOFD/?($W<O;B(JSVR+!BYP7I!9T-Y%



MI!.^3H

2D.&1SWE8'-XK^R'28#7=F&D?ME#=44YV2D]

.A
MI
%=4M4G;MI?R_R-HIM$@E&D51_]V'S#]SFEM?FJG.\9RV





G CON*9I272AI^98#YM70H=/8AG :\OI7D1'?-WJ&0E]'7#77






T





M3]T'L?5V]UGQ1VEFE&

]-2
J'/%ORY[&3+






M[UC\!8Q(WD 0(9(BR
O



MW\7L^O*&GW:L-


M]8PJ#S@&P0Z


M2DHY:IL/0UGC(!B_BB^EN==AN
?RH0+;Q \?.F*.#H[PA?8K^5!!Q^4DIM-\

  !D
YPRW0C261

6 I/YE(E5
.E6ASF

C5VX/@H+SQ


M]IN@)#
I[_#B??SVH(\


MLLQHSJ92?..Q7KX]F!R0F


M!@X2GMJ_]

U_&%$-;N!.9XB
M*#=:P5

MR:5
]3(G%VG

M>5[  IK&!-PDU_#IPN255MSW.J3CIR3T7!R(M^KP__!21CX%!+JIA/J:@
M)9;,X%:I*4,S[ >OR8KFY/5DX@=#>W/HXQ70\,&5\HP99Q#KGH
(
MME<OJR5+Z^1\$LEQ*!L

MJY1\*

M[;5EPT#L5D2*:2B6CJT.]8\T14/@JY JE[#MJG():%0/
5.N1!FDZV#VT+;


MXFQ)7M4O-


1#U$

1OF.



=WHUAV+0%JJ_0TC114*F
M-L^0WY2$VN'CQREYZ8S



M$1R_&QW?P5


\$C&QI 2Z^
_55E=CBP37.S5^ZPP8D?
M0NTZ'$Q^T 9?!
[DG-@ 5!KQ# *IG-MASHL@]



$S?D
M#(?
=



M='



_)DH=0#W?P6GPY\
DBD

H8+G[.JSB$JJ)W:5K5/U






O/-=



XN#MKNY.-UMG




MU#HCO(HU^$CW_X-TN5.0Z(+CJ-
74?GV23]H0/)BVG=G?U!3%IPPK=-S]CUL






8D6H#W2Z5
?4
*FA]TSOX+4$L#!!0    (
M 
6+CU+-HEC_F@

MQD[(AG;I2?N%Q



MYO(P

M$YWTW$9O
MYC
H X[$
41
$;?'&;7^SXX@M\#]*@!B/A$Q=
))SEL#;
(/65


M'0Y4!J7W'/ZIBA(5_&87L$JBX

M1T$ .F


$%     @ Q8N/4AX]KNI3!


V1H! X_
6L].:%
7GST_H[Y+O\&6N H^=^4
O

M78:


]9)?.8 # 
\A@? 3Q)8&
75DINTD!/'HKX2A+
M'9.OR9D7X=D#



\WJA:#@X&8Z:^1&DA:IX7$



*U?;JNO2C%-@:-UU*34@K(.P+[ G+0RUZM

6+CU+- .I3S00  /
+   9

56;6_;-A#^KE]QT(JA!1A;E&3+

R-1-E&)=$FJKOOK=Z1L.8[:;
. #0ABOMP]]]S#.XIG







_.;JXN%E=P

[Y2T*P-7LN#%


3F



7(YF0)$J#

M-
I2:

1QEFD
3!S1.3;)R0T60
\61
:#(-[I7%JG_:
M00?%CSB.


LRZCS9J=Y(LP
G8UR36%3YT2Y0
J/M8

:YKEZM2?C)D
MZZ(09G

HUYDL04U6.&53!<\)LJ#/


ME2L-![\N.]N2 R;9/71/_0J/&*9VPH=%E8!;J%P86DF]
J+* #P?Y#INA*&2


MT[O:X

J3&L+H;*49H7\1JD]('+O,6UN8#E\?77S
ME&C-*=^&]QX*BSTB?WO<F_2V$']A/-Y[H^:U*45?!MAE$(PS*CZU76CE&









M1]9;/ZYT972]1MP$O1OH+MD
6D4CHYXGP_:I[Y*(8@I VAEY4K4#.*+76G

MH3(PEDP'B_P/(U.@L5T1J_G_KAU:=#F$4!8N3!9TL@M,Y+J,I7^YU[=,H
M"=3FLV\'1


)]' #)C
M22_&_?4L#

MF)Z$;(Y3_!R*TA37T6(W

MFP_7_K3_['_;?.UNR9O_&7QHUEJTSA2LX^/%;$BF^0YO7IRN_+?O4CML#?X1
MS14-C EPGVI\)+8OK*#_9\CE_P!02P
$%     @ Q8N/4MK;X:Y?!0  90P

MO*R



O*!\#8[76A4GR%_BC.RM-





/# O2F
M.$:U[: J5#931:6
3:V3<#=CO_%@+ND< 5UJ*4N'[@
M''9F[WC!/$FT(-+\# ALYKANJ (3 JB/097'B42)?I3/5)DZAMRD*FZQ;
ME@J;_1;\P42Y\06]X@0OC





MP$?I^CA'.%+4;O]^/
:((-^H$B'C94

M_*NT&%KI6J6
)A7?70..












A6GBH

IG[L

SK[A?R*B^89;.I
M5AUH%TULKN%3]6@2QZ7;E+G5-
L)9V?SR\7BC\OKRYO%-+;$YT;C?






MUJV@!0I@M=*6_\W\I4F
[MB913YS9*Z=1T^:5/XN]

MWX8NA(2ZHT1$:^OY.V#KO\EQF$V2Z+E/4+SS
:]1E_[)8D@(%;/_KF]&-Z^B


M1^!D^(# N!$8L]UI([;RC8SR_-2[K?T&MKH@EUE:1BG+27E*GJ\U9+YS]?


DLZH PA- 7

MA45O
BX$

M5%ROG2F5#YS/XY=4P+K0%*GLATD^GDSRT10RK&1G80O'OGAG'_2C636:/\Z/




L#7BQ$'H-+EBZ!_

MI^ .TH; 


MU


E#=04XT8A


-$81UGA/BTY



N@QA
AM4P04=!S35(E+




KHOQIT.3W'UJ4]2V:(GR^*:
M4%0DI_='/KJ6N*L_43Y6AVPD3LA!RQ8J09+6=S/3Q-10X(.K&+O 3W.$:/10

M$UOQ;7/J'Q@#)NT8
#G(XZ\X

M

F/
MY^-#'F#8.9GEL]'CQR/X/
ZG)P_


M#;T4:9YAVB7]M4+36;W

M'3BI]2$8OA2?:^EQ_-P_*V3-G+7GPI ]-! LM0^T$6CF3C.GB&!U=SAXVC20
M







M+DI]'


41


MP4]I!OYL/#D_9#'OD
58TV).Y8G7






M^7QW\'D?E[SZ)NK5G!Z!$326/! 8&B)P(0/131RMR'W%:)'RC-.IFQ!

V$B\2.HH3ZF<NH'B



MN:B*$\VJEE'W$58ZP:Y^(7( 9J7RI7


M@IWHVM




IA=B55PK&=^\!0%0+




[QU=-_O7OZ^UOQ] _\O7JX7P,LO=Q/+(C'!L1XXC16+PJBWJNQ=
B

M3.;BJL87X:^4I42F=:-2F,ABY31256M*N@/\&XTS*'.6;%S*$TE]=*E$G2
M5!7@\OJKLLE3L9)5)8&Z3-.



20
ME\F'M%P5^-+R%I\^@FC


5JQ6-
M3ZPB8ML;2I=CH-&FT
M1N21YV ??4!N0$$LBSO$L9ZU&A2 C7!

M;HD50:A/-;E
J\?*\O$O63#B]970KY2.8-F[OGU\(*S&!+7*@.;4T4(T!6



V:.U&5)+XAU%K@+
M3U7HOXWS]=!




K6LF_?'^
M_)+\F_


JV



8+H!U


M/Q2[-



I@/'6FB9



6R_'S6
HP/1Z-;A7E%


ME@7JW=\'YX:Y;@+S92%3JAI2KA@I-]*!IXJWNRK+Q2V4S2H$[#4DVRC?2@4Z


M]=-@./QI0(+W@3A0U:+C/+JX2JY=IXI:V+&W


MJ/_55












M)*@CZ





MXVR: LP?ZD



;D:%[#)LA)O#YS*#3N?Y\K80XTO4)4Q0\U*:
Z)RW

MNK4Y\\B?7K6L:0\$Q294T5(V
%

6@83L'0P@-SC%#^%^7JO+G_:$_$A S=RD.WZP'F!Y]-*
MFK8VW
C!\+Y;]CZ54&VC;LI5JZ 3MN[X;NOK15/#DO_-S7LZ&DDE#D)\R?6K
MK+BEL7&0Q'M8W[*E5:9K3POI+2KE
MI3@0S\PYUVUZTVC52P:?%OY<]]_?+&E3'+O12[HSE'I;XIRVK-+R'G$8M*P

?9SV;8\2I


MD8S/W+;\C\N//RX__KC\^./RXX_+C__?+C]F[GK VN5'/K(9;=YCW+RON'Y)


M9@'JMU\W$[W7S?KOD3GR2VHLSF4^W59:?MU%LSM!Z[A@W^)M3S&;_1?*H&3=
MGI/?O+H4*NO:/;/@+ELOK]?.E-[AKEE'*YFF+2(WH/].U\M$S_6R5BGO?LL


M&UY/Y?A


M





$%     @ Q8N/4K'


/WI^\!!?H?^4:@K'?PM<2O3NOZ$'T[SI[?V$2-5JJQ%
M$G\<ZE.5%DB)


MI:NR?5]?_:3
A@X17E:7FOY77O&SA_=OR6REVWIA7@8





$U+P$=I


?$N^[$BU


TCD
M!1A1$-BR@$50J_A-^93XLRT@N_@Z('40LX$&!9.O=&*;E@ P
H@5!K9-:I

XB2J)1%+*-(JT 3[$=A W*AM7^!V]:$<DY,?9&7@$5BS _8+]
M
AON 59HMR[@G[3)+M8)&-TBPQT7-3!L\9O2)#-%M5S!YE::;=).+)ZGNA

M12^)#HZ18G+CQD2\







NAM



#19UKDIOURXAV*E7.O2^
MHK




!QZE^





;)+3(B6L9UB)P--


M8FK@&9!840H-7EHM5B4]EBM*V1C'XIBC(/9K
29 'XP.? Z2V-I0N:[8SI+I

BB
M,'IZ@<%<T.87P?.!V;OHQU73CRU0#:HCD;)\ERA^6I5)*





MNH$+W+X_3O;1^FWX/+@KK91\6P

MWT 








7LN NBL7% IV\#M!B<


P7$US)=8GZT*RO%A
MI0FUU;RI
TQAV






MXF!/O\X@]@166B^Y7L8M&5M




2^LYXV(V!^-22*&-*:O:!U':9%*#
'+;;)%-L^2UESKL7Y.Z+I1

-%35X9IC+=B#Y[WUP&#@+%:U6!B9E4Y

T_/X8N2VB%FTW=EP1O2 

M21%?YZGA!_N]KF';JD]_^:22N=92





TSDH4]&L7
 5</4[H<RF$
:<+J/6DXBZVHJ.J1&.ZM:;538&'F0
MG?S5VO'PS=A37V$&I

X[J^(FRHHI-NL-YN+1X3;(EU+5P'*J/
:
M#&IL#SW.K$W

AAQ%$W9B54'Q




M8:.PU]2'@]?*#YOZ^R321(@FHKO?Z9%L.@^I7@VY&D)?:H

MXV0!



MUTWO8%O;9+

=5
MLQPVWA;:^4.];#L
X]U(AF XGQ[QFO77

/@2#R2J:KU
88R?9F(E7,%EH<S8Z)&[B3
MML'P%O210!I-@BZ\T41!;/SJ1%QDYA1<J]43N?Q0I%%P^$2JX9LU4G=+&N#

]'X=8E4?W5#J^)=]^Q.%=
MF!T

@NWGG/_FL5&\W NSW

M[H

+HT*J;Z$M9;RT@$BUX?K=JNF?0P8P*
;J



]U
M[$J-_[JM?L(5)G
UPB3**2=8E_@BW9KAW)#W\






J$&7^$[QFH'84A6.Y


M'UP/P_Y O:(

$.\GH&N-5=I/HPC(0

$T]2ZX?[-IZA-?ZYT
UVF_






M-Z/$;D:)_3.-$MN\K;LQ*4SNF!0FOL^D

!2/X33@ Z\'V
!\-]C%\Q 6@'Q+]UA_UL
M3E3I




2F_^YB4(=;P';T'P[VW7SLE90?8


MT#GX#KB#X;ZTH6$I.UY]=]VY*$.(^J:7@^&VE6^ZF;8#]EEP

MP8\(^?06=@NX;S$%@2.9'AU/;MV%-_WCSYXLP7-^PTD76:H9O+H_.@)?ABHA
M]D-;+Q$D_K^X0D!
?UZH%#0[/@_S^JZM1]P =NGPB]9_\/4$L#!!0    (
M 


R+GAM
M;.5546_:




M/WO9U&$'
CKK@-YE1?
LD%/JS5HYTUL;N!3]6@2QZ7;E(759.6$



M$+6C]@&^XZ8
QY[O9%\9Z+GE4!0&:QG+8;4Z@


G9_/#MLJT.8J!?6
VEOW*W)6KXJ^


M965T
S


LZ#EC?3GTW[N3L^G:F=%(^%.

OG4ZWV1#MO1'-&


?+P!!O03^/
1CY0*:]58J-PV





^- 
R-(2DM





()[;
831\#3S$@Y=3;



MF3

;Z 7=B$*HJ %K]=DWG-XO4N92YGM





M:$



KP?YE[L:[J!O%$5S#5;\;C(8-G[_?5D*,WW7[HQ$MAL-N'/?:
M.(X;CN-6CN^TX:6+:E,9VP?L-#A\H;F@\1SQK;#GB?]?OF@(UP9Z6K!&QHZ


M


M-_CW.&DI@V-[V&H[]N?/;K]
MDH_F1+1PG

2*F1.U1DDG
MN=(5L^3J(C1KC2SS194(XRCZ$5:




5)&4C*4



-TP67!@3F5!J=_#P-0#=R;QRKUEYB*V5)

6+CU*Y:SQ)V0(  .L%

W+GAM;'U4WV_:
!!^YZ\X17O8
MI+0) =H4 1+03JNVMJBP3=.T!Y


M])

MS#3=H@8EYR5*PY4$C:MA

@0PNDJ523^YRFP^#V#F$ C/K
M$!@=SSA%(1P0N?%[AQDTE



[&E6I$ -#'$N@YA
MC1(U$\!D#BRGWN
N



G*D_FIV;?)OP


MNLVH3H?+ZT_3]?45+*;+]7=8+Z?SU?1R??-YOH+7:[;AJ-Z
74T/F70W:D!G


M31O\N+7/_NS /F^QSY^WF9UPS]O


S7

MT




SB'T:\[#$WAA&:C0X85'\!ZD00U&


M)DE7R!2/:!52&:--5+

R
M

J[@V?*D:\*F
M7_


MW80O!)_SB FS.ZX

M.D=F*






MS3R?N($EA5FQB)P^OS$.RQ+T0T_MUANKU+:_AQ_8;^T
9.L2RYQCM9_B-R


*E%W7_YK=P\?

78-X1OM?QLAW7;884GL%@(WV5MUAKNZQSS

M

MJX0BB$+G\9-*

/&$3N0Q1)*&N':(-.$B4.;89MRU!?T&PL

]Z?]D-PUKW][^K=!/W.U4K4




HMV2_


C!$
P.
M52GS=_(9U;M6MDL9 ='X059PL25K&O0CZT





NXQ11;$W'C-*)+%(

M- R\*$H[RS-
3'HF)C^+B40+JN*( &]1\WRTGT'-ESG8O(TT-*#'GJ\HJ?\7
M)_LC_T[.%Z2S#5P23%4A:1/J/\03Z/E&(H0!O*+8F%;I=XI5


VM\^WR*!?_1YKU%MW26F(9.-


M2P

QNE+/JQS0MSU]Y8N_O0

$-G=IEG1OK_USY[+^UN]

MK2I



/SYO@H5.6



M@8
]7X

PEYUB(L#4:




M3&@%(:' 3)+S&FC
01!5,18$'))Q36Z/E/UM^09&\I57F(P80N8_5%K6






QSB

):
M8QJ&K?%S,NG-!J-/*/G].1E-FW;$^1=J'#./$S)@)AN.+H(YH0B5AG^$GTI


:KB%)R

S@*#S4?VPU\ 0;%

!'S





:R 4=]R7Q(@33NLP'I!DFX/PQYDFXZ-R)(GR4W[]Z/D
MQ
V )B^V2)/GD+0.)SLAMRH'T.2U9%Q-G5SK:NQY*LFAI.I*5
#Q2R9D236:



M5Y'J?.H


M-U87H

VUPLN;0/%B)OO1
M7







B8 ^WY23_IMZ\)'BQ($L@'MOH!
MVX+J&L]E@4A_T2H[VZQ;R$V$9.$V6#$(:91]R7HKQ%Z T_@@ &\#4B'L+%'*

M$AY1F7! )/+0@*[U6*#?(PCGP/\8

MJSLN3]!




M\:QS&Q&^I)%  2Q4:.U4MSH\:X:RB61QVH#
F53M3#KT50
)7!]0^PO&Y&ZB

6+CU+8$AFKQP




'$\CPA3'4IM ZN^$


\
M/8+5_
=I[MEO\0Q]L&9W OP.4MP<FO 56&4L?B76*:^

QP^@ S\ W_.]!D#1F]7AP *G4Z:V8^QU6^Q-4:(*:B.;4I-K!D93=]II

5VTH!I
X
M9L=



MB!S^@


MW*LA-
5\9V9S 4Q\^0Q7[I;S_\1
O7?[4WTO


$%






M&0Q'$_MIG/D#O+%5B)/8

M
-& ;6Z5Q&)U9@4G'




[E




E%0I7NBGM;

J7


M8RG$5@+V#B20




3GVOY^*!


MY0UFL
4%![VP1_8HMX1YQ'



47&:9VC



M5MQJYUSI.W+17.G/&! F0#]?
6+CU+_
M*VE.8 (  *

M
!#]E5'4AUUINPD)89=5B

0A+[[13.4]
MY]:!#)=D4Z@9WWW$VH\5F/)VE_85;D=SX%T(Q5G-5@K8+2LOF1?W\,1H-4Y
M ?!K@/\2T#X!&I 8(U6RJRM$5$DC@3?@3#9FLTL[-U8M'9#2_
OSI70IU3C
M5)S




MRKUHX-9N9#00*\THQQL):I7G1+Z
D(G-T&MYVX5;FBVU7?C04$RG*&^+VZD
MF?DU2TISY(H*#A(70R]NG8[[]KP[\)/B1NV,P3J9_%H)]-TZ 56$#)
M&4@
MYK7&
3)FB8R


M%:#MC);*G*T)T20:2+$!:4\;-CMPN7%HXX9R^Q5G6II=:G Z.K^^GCQ
+RX@


&A9VJ 0KE&+X)]&?TX
MSRN/W=ICM]%CG#RMJ

M&AU



5Z09S(H_Y%@M]LN(B)TJ'
M8NW*K4265#.W




M4]'%U55R/YO/(;Y


MB
(
XIP+1?\2
VB[Q-9\@XZ

M OOO^C0XZ8U&;_2]SQH.!X/PC3ZW
USF8?M!Q)H6$ABN-



M@'
C*JGM]GJ!76)264ELUFYY$K.-I*26X[$IBPQ?[T RNJAY5AOW=D54B]

M9)(/K9XNAD4F? ZO$



MD\GUS4WZ.)E.T6B6HLGL?C2[GEQ

M;:G 6FYG6\A% W'W0%+(SI#GGWY_8ZY.-/RYW!OW);V6T]NZUGU^3S]GEF

;#B@7Z.%D%Q]:K\_P'HMUC/8_AZL
M



MALE?4$L#!!0    ( 
6+CU*7K [F= 



M:-Q






MOQ^ IV^'7YV(9M!MQL#S#8YMAE+YG@L!3.:PE);)+5\+A)DQ: VDW&1F5HC
M_#U;&ZOITOQS0G;8R0Z][/([+*L&-=TERVH#6Q;)PYEL^&Y]#RNH.RFHSB*

XY/C_Q)/^=YX7*1IU





M!!0    ( 


M=#4S+GAM;*5576_:
!3]*U:TAU9JFQ ^NJ$0B:]IE=H-P=H]3'LPR06L.G9F



P4T4664?4Z
M BYW Z_EO6W
V7IC[(8?1SE=PP+
8SY3&/DU2\HR$)I)012L!MZPU1_W;+Y+


U&-KMPM7%H
M=

95Q?DFORN)B0BT^7D6_P
M03;=3RK244D:'B&=0')#VJTK$@9AT  ?GPUO?3F$^VBO]AC6'D/'USGF41K



6Y6=V8?5/ICD E'S-;8#K;0_?J^3

MFW4B(J[P5FQZ
A7 _1P4A3V+4KL7\2#N3


D[51]:N#A
M]0O[55X\%K/B$BZ3\

%J&VA= GJV?B)5'*X^=&%=:1
MLL9V(YU(H-8G;+

M


MON&9:1BE74I_-TFJ Y.9$_
!YUT$GM++HE@/@909WNE=D7L_LT &^GQH\
45
M:PA1:I@(J\Y0RYRA[=6=M





GXWG%:[I0;N

$^TJ7.#T$+I



U[ISAH%0=G%8]I

M9]MNW#=-:&]^H+ITW53_TM0M?H+YLB@%(K!0E
YUI$3QNFW6@625Z3QS)E4?
M

;@.]0?OO2OX 4$L#!!0    ( 
6+CU)5LM?PG0(  )4&

!3]*Q;:0RNM

QVFN[?[]H01M

M


5E3CE*U.L.=!

5)?
MUW..



RT


MAMN71^2XW4:ZFL\=X(M9A3=+4'TX'Z&D$C(2




M




L66R=2*S3#RS--W-PT*
MXEI!W*I@RA0*E IT


MT&F5VBP*Z:9IVH
#EX *F-D.=-]^MB$H6DDTJ2_@L^_WQP=W7D/9
T\!!'HI




MD;3QN^


MQ%2V9%

)
M\GQ/J3@%JO/[N1W\!5!+ P04     #%BX]21;.24 $'  3*0  &0   'AL


M((D36UB:&DFZ81CVH-AT(E267$I.&F _?I2LF)8HD4SME\2R[SGB)2_/H4@=
M/Z?\6_;(6 Y^+.
D.^D]YOGJ4[^?S1[9












&
\2?6&P+- ))M+D2;RU7Q
M!4@78
;9/



MV&H*0+O'0GH/U)O/YS!?\RA_Z5+?L0%_G3Z)E5REOU@W*-(@H%[1;12XHMBM

M








MPF6Z;GU*O\3JJAUI=$W*


/[#\C

MO_

M?E^D0MKB^*-L^U[F,/_ 5!+ P04     #%BX]2&W818]L  A!P  &0




+ED2

MR%C.I'W\/I%:I68./!]_L(]


)O8%@
@2#?PFB*)C
X7J(BE FOW=L



M52;JL:[3:CC.MQH7=Z6+NUJF(3W0!+



2YX



MK$'::
/,#9P[R\
MEP__M8QRX4'AXLGY/MPU:Y


A@OSX8'2!ICG
V'$2R?VX)E]RK3_ U!+ P04


BYX




-





DR(2FU=.+&QR['@P@O/]90;


5


M2P

_EDYUHV)(*8$QHC

-L
FU,IM*L'R_9OV+SIX&<S:YSFX3/9B/W0ZEEH UL_<6GKY%E!'Z0MH
MR/5_=,KF.A8*$BYHE E+#R(2IU?_-4M$24#JJ1; F0#^7J!;(]#*!%K?[1K



MW(.JS)_H'_2%



C?*9%J4915KR9EW;/%ZAHHZ1:8=/\/3LIQ


K!@+S:SMT$/=BJWO=H\%%C%9JPVZL&:
M7YHUM@N 8C- +^G!FXMZL( C;@+'#WKPG(.5N;=+W^H1L)T^\^!(QY1^MN=O
M\W
53Y\FV

QR%L)6BSO6--




M
$;&+)%)XT_-Z322%K@;O[!?E]Z-EP51& OV@Z9Z/70^.9#BDA1
S\3F!FL_


M1JO
2EN71)


MNNXK$W*JE)!;F)A)^#5&OD#YNT6NT\AUVN4DS1*:$P:$BR+3^TZO8NB5#/8&

P46AS))2
$K-#:-*VSXW
MK? ?I1\T6H
W2B\2Q%3!TK07

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#8U+GAM;*U;75/;.!3]*YK
/G1G*+$^[#@=8 8(4&BAE-!V=G;VP3@B\6#'
M65F&=F=__








MVM09*N.1EGBW0H\H8W0&1%&'3WL@6P2
9F 5


'GLCS\%ZQ/X&L;\[XHYY[%O#UE@JL-<$J5IXOD.QF.D'^!X

M9'*

+TG(O
.VL*N
T1C![85 ZPM



U*LU():&C-R3T

M.H'


MW+4^9\5RZAC(#:5I.2UMYH*D5&RFU%Z[@=AN\Z?3K(E9
C8V
W8;9O
6$%;Y


&Z2N.
J$)@3I34 =*A ^LY=-*'


$5]TU0N[V




#[G3K@E9BIYK

NJ]88-TZ:D-DJ;

MYE;GH)Z4$L\L);L_A5
%].NR)MJT[=KN-&LEH+BF06ESY,X&C'1/8739=9$
M+7%


&S]2/KZ#4]7Y3.^#RGG:5*^7-!@1EEA(+Y_3%/^^J9X
M;'CSCP%'_P%02P




M!_WCPT7X2



MHLSFW)A%

MXS)GW\;
KCP^']Y^OOGK_'R
_CBC91@G!?H2YGE8\?=/]!Y]'Y^A/_[UYV&_

%.9GL/DPS$'S

IJS;^;I(VKS=D?






0U]QFTB40T\R)([<DWCG5



JU45TYVDH)4'T^JLZ@E03B
:+\IW^@WG4^['
M?
/9$UCS.K#63 _5AQNYZ
JH H(Y$IAZ6JSN\#*X;Z8-1$()' 2-S]9O!7
M(C=VV
=0-(*

W(8L;F
M:$S9MX_L18L?_+-]5XXO@.J; [6;(&-? 5

M%S3U89KNM'+&W-GVKJZC255?P-2'83H

-+YU&@O'3V/$T=


M?QA[_ ]02P



MW9C7=V
57P7\)+#GG3%23M:4;M7D

MV!H*2RYHUHE@HSD]1N_-77H $SG#,!J -8QX%P&NP'87\W@- #GJPW 536
M]=I[5;@%%MB?



M]_T9-8/;





MV]@MW&;K5*@%

M?&^



M^FKA\OPW1%3]J%EMKJ\+W;3?K8_5M:9[\RM-=2?.

M

$%     @ Q8N/

%;@M:!
#IR-4N6-Z\I\@PLDKWF)F?ZRXJ) 2D_%


MS.D/LE2;@9


DSBR(NOOMR6+ F#:IY\
:]L%B6%L

$K\Q#_R







MALJZ74R[
.% K




QJ

*HG\[YFK
M-
(L=(N#W:2U\[8S:X0:%_C0(O\)Y6
W3U[8.+JP/LH@RZ* -K&YZQG7)*
MB=)G04F$V09-.5.$[8 5!2:$5E47#8T-_Q6BJA/_6_+ZAA1PTM-3I#U3GX
M?5O0JF*K



.W!@9N C:SG:;]][,-H5EZ$M?P!_W

M

M0@
EL


M'?M2



^
VY^=J/N\





'1/U!+ P04


M

C%C*_)UI%F%
\9E$O9</ZM'/P=S0RKK(@F-)2E!%%_3W1!DZ144G5\
M;T2-]IME8O_Y6?U]M7BUF TIZ((G_[)(QC/#-T!$MV2?R!4_?*#-@IQ2+^1)




;D%
1





M++S


$%
\



\4/:A[SQR_98^BJ'ZR:':R_GDV 9^@ID@9JM
GK;M\/:PQF<YK8]0+ESJ



M='

YGZ_1.72OS


MALY?W)PF W9P/US8QF



3^SV7'


QEV'
MOHPB943VC'&R=Y@

@8:*$!MA!
M).ZN@804X8'G'SNT]&%CH(7&N&C!
DWH &A




(.^;4PXW
 INP*=(



MP)L


M4$L#!!0    ( 
PB[_[ZV(325FERPQYYYYAU[3-PI_6PJ 0OM9!F$52(S0.E)JN@9F:B










@GW1 AB
MUN\4/L+C= 0G'T[[KM+1#


KUD



&Y
MVG5
D2D_6X:_ %!+ P04     #%BX]2+8*]!PH#   ;0  &0   'AL+W=O


MM0?1Z_%*EA%'P20B[(DXK5/[[J.KZS67ADLUR9!;?7F9

M+!DK:249KX@TZYS[5\-$Q-?!WQE=6WQL XF7#^;:W6=?QC!:T%09!J+_
MEG1 B\(0:1D_UYQ.NZ4!;H\W[!]K[]K+A$@ZX

MZ=H/-GPI+V3]U9-+(8.2!=2\7(-U@I*5C7_Y&6=ARV 'QX!P#4 [@/0$4P





$==[EM
MW1+H1W$4ADD;N*
2M2K1'U6F1.9@+OB2Z7
$DU=PMI!ZP*ISH&\@4RK5K'F'
MF6)4VGPTFX0[\H+(\V&PY\

MK;B9*#ZOF].$*]WJZF&NOUZH
 'Z^91SM9F8#=KOH=XO4$L#!!0    ( 
6+

M76_:
^YU?)-MI7K6*P D+R47NN^M$-<WOJ^+%9147\DU+.SD*JD:*9J


MS7'5]ZX]


MZ:')8U#BOK
VCVGC

MVZ[[G:HE




DZ_1[



MJ Q ^P%.2P N W#1T;6SHELWH0C[/497@.6MI5K^H\A-$2U[DV3Y


M'F=%I?I@K8Y:U$]S03

:_9-P
M?@G&84IREV+)


M:5OOD:(QTM/8

242S




WREAU\5M)8P5A_&G.'Q+ETS
CEN@



MCH*T\[FO%V7X]D@Y\M6IY8N

0&^AT&4'/960JS?#0:)MV(A


M LH'Z


'



-


-KD
VAUO:1]RWU$W];

MBG!0CSC3Z.U*]'#D:J)7I(-Z5IE$?[IG](IO4$\HT^A))7K;T02O@ 8[$DT&
M?R8?&\ '3D/&C8)6I(-ZU)D&/:P$C8::H!7J8'?6S82\QN78?)XF1E$KS
$7
MX1RL@F[4'#12F$/=

V

ZP(
MB)]-P FN$A#(7:'#2MGBH!83\VM;-)B[YM\0PK'F(]#]N6SR8M^NW:;;&


M[WLY$P57TK:6VJU$STGU)1+4K+P0!5S2O2EM2U*7RYGLO%EJ6WGMFBM2TS?

  )82   -





MX

RVL[:18WQA=0

%W(TJ0P-484=
M9)S.E:2-AK5'.[T


$!)R.Z
M]@L62O




MFP\6Q^^3V
N_TR2)HCC&



M(TF(=+_AZ-8R0[


 ?0(8@S9?$6!/D!5J(/V!(%BD6=OZ_:I7&0
MQEY/3P2W!YI0.TXI+:+J1C]$%)I6M6X 4BV)8]ISI%KM0L'C6'TD!$VV-#








%
WC

MECB)8IEDE[^(..@'3

M-)592BF17^;

DS[2YGR
M(9G

M
&;&3*32/T]4IF0JXO/$/]-1%MXRD7)%
9$\YLSVB+U+_TSZ'X7.-)GLA[![


:\#EN6

GL



@

M00:TD$\L9I]@3%HE6L@G%K-/8)$S'$WD$XO9)QB3CJ:-I&(S2P5CTB1D(\?8

5J!][P4






RVP= =E.38B+[
MN






MQG55?QQONX?ZNDD/E\G5XN5M7?4O;ZFJYPX2)+Y@S($Y?F#%()T_B#()L_






16H2'



MBKV;
*W\.^#YW





M*+)J%%DUBJP:15:-(JM&D56CR*I19-4HLFH460V*K 9%5H
BJT&1U:#(:E!D
M-2BR&A19#8JL!D56BR*K19'5HLAJ462U*+):%%DMBJP615:+(JM%D?7\?\IZ
MY_WNB^/G9SVX;GS)9_/?P*_^ %!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
6+CU('04UB@0   +$





M 

M971S+W-H965T
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #%BX]24A.U_S(&   ?&@  &

M%     @ Q8N/4A1 &0Q- @  % 4  !@              (!3(  'AL+W=O



XJ

M2P$% ,4     #%BX]2#XLR5H#  #'P  &               @($S+
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ Q8N/4G8S5:$X


M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


M:&5E='



M 0(4 Q0    ( 





4






2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #%BX]2S:)8
&UL4$L! A0#%     @
MQ8N/4LT ZE/-!   \PL  !D              (!8+T  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ Q8N/4AP[*$<O!
M-PH  !D              (!'


%0  
U   !D


Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 





4     #%BX]2+)%RR$#

T
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
6+CU)YWR3K7@



4     #%BX]2N6L\2=D  #K!0  &0

W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( 
6+CU(%'E@::0(  -H%   9               @14P 0!X;]W;W)K



4     #%BX]240*\_V #   F   &0              @($[-P$






&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ Q8N/4M@2&:O' P  .0T  !D              (!]TD! 'AL+W=O



M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
6+CU(*66Z*@ 



M970T.YX;6Q02P$% 





M 

N



4     #%BX]2J6JUKCX  ##!0



M
YX;6Q02P$% 








M='


M Q0    ( 



4     #%BX]21EPAZ=$  V@  &0              @(&/

6+CU+/
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ Q8N/4A/NC%T+ @  300  !D
M     (!NKP! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='


  !L)   9




M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


M2P$% ,4     #%BX]2EXJ['
     3 @  P              @ %/UP$
M7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 


M+GAM;YR96QS4$L! A0#%     @ Q8N/4BP!9SL; @  #BX  !,
M     ( !T^ ! %M#;VYT96YT7U1Y

M*%ML(]#P8K?FT]_




Q1C_BGY]T+_XR$KCF^15*X*^&'[V0

7Y_5'^ 



MZU^_^Q?H!5$;2HJL_N/'[




M?T6/%

M[-\Y#K2#M+T23-)V9]'WPM)=86G7:5F+@]Z8[G'0&]
=



M!U554/U.9N;4.DHK


M7&FUS78[_ 2!CL%/$/I5W]NJIXX*^)I4.RK(@*65+'GU1(0])@((XXDW
Q?7

+M)I

[[O^*&T:-DQJ!X(D6*ZX' \T:ON9*::RU/CDUU

S&&KU6FP1;B1U-!Z+\G!_

M5%G41EJ/A/=O6



M]FS=*R0M%GF*^!PE3[Z#+.5P.E7YO(N^&\/)X6$X)?1T FT+_3@A] ?(L*S0


53;Q/_O;P

:\Q-V_1\E[;\?/?H*#'[
M U4S[0=6P






EG80SY*
M6\H^!K4,QFN<!AM8M_?$-H\6GBL<V\ <'':WNWEQ&[?@Z%38
CNC)4#F5D


@DB]GJQY8#YD.029ARV;6OB5;-LXF8?^.;%EJPQTE
M&-;/?


'3





MBOBXM2W3)@^Z1=ZW*EF99X^4BD@)]^U(*9OO7*\43[C'3D7L/
S


M8J7WCWI\K


/#!?O'!V7D+MY








MM\^NUKF-C]#:


MCZYND/F[Z9-W9=JF3V[


G #_^GDR)^:J#H*5-


'4V29+N/L
M]5(W-S)
W(.Y!W
9



3PZKM[ -):+EH^CM)14





E%;TM9




CU0]@R4


M;XMSY]3/[HN+#S#,,WLHS_6Z5%XUAL]]BILB[\@SQYID^0
[W'V3X.5]G=
MZ\

)L
M6''VB'V7B#TTQ2GW,&P5AG*O.!M6G#UBWR5BNZTXP^SYL^G46S?NR=38K[&

WFF95+V*]B'53
MQ-Z''<@*#_9R<Q1RD[O8_=:T2W$SO_6R=ARRMK+2O: U%QB^]SI3/=6@AHN

MZ[SY

I94;31)P7;-:*NTT1:SV'K]E8!N
MU#GFZXI


MFVG.RJ9C0FO1KFHP^W_\6&6HALB+.+*./$7=-WGK(@
9RK]YY@?;M/[Y'2[Q
M=\*/#:]C!4I2/)2&P]I



MR6@]1:*D*

M7/SI6H.7DYV1IHZ5Y@?/KDBHS+T'%L\LH=3%D:(JDTGKI%V@EVL^!=3X*DV=




IDRZ
9V&8G2JTHWI;.LN:T-QK(H=F
BV
M#O98&ZL'LB#%752:.5SJY S%4L%




M'#/FJ\(3

+Q3'^[



M DM&L])&VDXI%+52-I6R+_I:N#JX+=IJVU_#X5C9\S+7]B
F(W5+TA
IH_6]

M7%1&$9.Y

!;

M+DU:\D2EX56J29
B2\WS:67M[ESR3
 G
TJ3M8/%JTR4V *GLJM7G5.3]I?O





M%=AO'JL1ZLK9ANXWS%UM9=8'$UD*9ESMR/M\;F6%7&FKP-W07[0UV$LJTW






/1TZ
I[

MN._2(J_:SV2^R
-

ME+$:E44^:G:H[:C*D=
JEAUQAV356Z5R@6=T1L-4BV3RSM/+8=!

M

59C/4X$8@G0RE**SIP++YU. MNX120'9FLPV
MHYWKH+G;:6T(@180NEIRM6DRR\5%UY+7-GU;Q$K7KO\.-$&KK0!WG:&R/5-


M_B#8+8H89VSD+P&.?/M





#3$.T
M975:ZKFY3592)O)82C:E*C5T8P17QK
T'
MRJL/+;@EN4N&J0U65QIWB??T]

M05*3N)%D=30NMT+GCN??/M_#M^V@&0]



&<3<2@ES:SP

M&)WD0;=(&:Y


M:GMD5!





3:]L<KT1DYE0I=J\ZR/URMVCWQ?;M
MJ(M


EJ92/7;;M)D*):



MD=
:W34S7



M\(%
]<H;VK3EM_V
MKIVJ3
GC_HWXFV'G4VZM=1 390&K#VCV@P?I5IHKH[?&LJ4%BB%_6Y[LUH
M-S#&!^7OWF8+'YEVKH]!55\-O7-U^9

%$$9
%
M@XN&VH*D)O3GEAQ85R:7_PF_RC]:)N=229U UN%:PE9MJCBN.
QXBVO&VXZT
MIM?T!@QN-K!5:K=W:[)\2KK9$DI1D1JL'5449^%&$TP(U-:E1(7-Z8#=!8
M?5

*$QXI9&;1N W16IFIZG!?I+9I&^R9XTW9


+;FKA;=1HJO





.=I$Y
JPS5';'M*:9I.DC)5$6ZH2

NUYV IHU&6J/TQP:FYQ&_&3-1

1J

M:*4


?;9YX(K%L/

-?=%]/^( R_^]\O_D_XD2?\QY?;QTM!
M%/ZW/E_\]+\T211_$F[O/YU]N?X_9X_7MU^$LR\7PL7EP_G]]1W]^?9*^/C;





M8IJS.LN_
 3=LG AX&^4IBF[T0GB@
H$_O! :7[( %?XX0$6A98@DJ24V*
T





M^#
G$K2R/T
JAW_[+OJ40 TSWPT?HA?XIKH5TN
[B^3#_'$C
W%I\\3YZ+*V
.9?A*U6@I*).IXP4O92#X:HFN=V&ZD+[2<
M/\;&7VPS7X?6*?.'_.64 \J
GW#K?J#\(/Y][7F[@\F/%!D'+)M&![)/#
#
M


TWPP$NV(Z/Q ?S &O5 NO!

A-+=WSS&?0.R%/Z)S!C@!K$
Q&2I\Y7[CZEHGMW2*'DD2=


B


M)U/=?1(L


M)9+NSAKXNW.%4O@JM!)9A






M#J4A7PF8MZ$^ _.=64F

AFC/


&C =3(T$2K
MR3/G)M71+-T8?F/%5_*8RDA_!E\Q]=F7M?J%Q!?B4_@L.%X7B!6F%:EOF4

*='75

W'9
(YP

M#T S11


[_%6PA]
M9$XL).RK^68B=?K;$^X28*D#X709I@XP
@#)^$1@0S9!\(B.80C/@8V+[QA(
M]1


MIA+*/:UEV?KNGZ#YF4ZJ7'M*]!9K\XP*[=24D)[,V3200T489$*0-4@5&2

M


Q=-!MQ?, ![Z
M$V#DG')+7?A,+=D$<W^^C<+QN'&@@/.I4[@/\$ 7^FQ#FPNH([F8+ \Z3PO

F[$*?1C^MS7D16Y,DM6 6MBX3D'I9[IQ/B0)6$(@P*V
2@'/J 4-Q9#!.]IE
 8WB.

 






K6DS\\B<
M)_0]HQ<S.O F&+Y#4]=9)=HP'A@Q@3E:ZV9/&^VB(' E[0_P9Z9R(3%+36\

M66#0


MCH3CV0%3^PT ^*%]
KJ0X_R3\.2XX



M
AH




Y&D'2U0KI:(*P\E6YH4
M9Y*TD'6RZWLN[SXA95U*Y)ZR5/KDE/*J
[O3AEI(S





QO(1XN;-N-0G5]]I(\D.0&

ZMY;(9J*R[STT)
G#P7@RKDUFKM'0S'KTJUI_515Y
M




%D-
;F@O
MBW@.PC:OO TSK2V/Q:MIO5)6 -=B=5Z-N6ECS6J==EDDWQ;$]@BK-LH+M6(G


S8C'@C?#T^'


9=KY[)BZR@M.
N%[E;$E[)PW
MQP;57 BY$

MK&C(4KH4'N^*EYX/U2'TZ .V(=HL
S%U;T9X3\+I2K_TJ'FFZ0LSW8=(=%5
MC](%O]&I!)\*'_FS\*N(6FRZ2?^,39$M4W_'HW(
&=*^^(:K)4A L0E$;LH

Q8('B[LT[2O]PA45:ZP9
MHQW62
!&APA.0MN.)KB!79\=&R^A+&F71N'-]&?9A: J''=T^#H
.==-Y*-


M*N#9*2$&Z^0
@U@F[P;[#$

8_IUZ?ZC;.; X4!RYMMFHM61=6P+MI
M!'P+CYMJ1D\:(13WUJFVCH+ 6VJD_Y


MMWX-84(L
N7-W7E'6EC]/P%MIL^
1)VVFJ?KE\*.B3L=U9$@BP2T^%?

MV51(*:!\#G=*2[2$&5J9W!#6PS@2





PS'LTGT&;0=J0
8+$4IK


C0C6E




M_ZSAC@[-'C;M\O-)P.'N=OLD'5MKX(=TG5P9VMEW)N='J4_\8!%7]H-F3=
ML[GY&AO=O2==(PS\Z.H& 0WU5?CA9[ U+ES=)U6OW+[_
OF:.!A7+Y/?]QW8
M/4



MQ\V)(5Q:Y%6C)/U





M*(+I#P0OF





MO4%)X;H#B]F&.QTU8Z_D6E *[]QXR6N7(8&ZNNY]#]+#UCIEJ!+EK+U@ #

E* 
\

MV.0)




:-





MS#NVO1K(UNG 5?'WS\ N[2G\ GC*G


A]\6MI$*BA=%K#JZAU
[N4/#2*D

MM.-LN^\'#
SS0]-+VI/RS#;H+VDWK3MV)NIUHN'W.-T

?;TI*Q^7'^^PM?I20[OA&6R_B$(.PA2
F!KS8V'E88%T[P_H _

&
MSYD(\YO221!(3=CU-MNX$-\B^G16

6-R2V=M;AV
M

RM7DFRD*AH7)PT ND/Q



T24?PX.%6D!2A14\?SP\3O
M





H?W 1M7?
-W\JGZC(VN);
M9:^L\BB2'(Y2PAH\.ZUH\Y4G9UWEOHW)M@YX5WB=3C#(4]3_D1W&OCGL8BS7
M






M151=^EG!G83HYXI]^%0[8J]

U D]UK../5<-)6P6)L-1L(D2<C1+IX6E
M'R+J-#K?;8B(A2;DT&\K.L02@^PF




RG0!3CS1M+THZG4.7PSJIW.V[+37D4KN8+AT9='TP
%
MEC.X8F0PXVE-'1N,X/4







MH+F)\$VDU(EC!I3-X*S3=UCL =92M]!/W4

IU$Z4G


N:P*


(%CY?BB
M]N=


M8
T03(%IT1E;!'OZ1



MZ8V_32E!O9;L3(
?#GML.=




2Y6
FFA;U/Y
'^%-.&AP2%+7*8VX0$ 4V

0#7\ZBRS1X=FB@^G0X#EXA.[-]+R2&BBH;^BM): )

MS-0#$%:7=JZ3J6RGVQNN+D'8-S#6+&@7K2B7E4A;T9=6/1KX'@MH@4W-*:$W
M(F)2!V&Y
*P&EE!_A?IL96I%'\PH5

M@84=15\)2WT&
P*/:L*@)^J^Z+MQO\88^KUV:5*[?.RURTZTBSB0BK3+Q\:T



?!V&&*PYD8 C/? H89MPH2S:

'7I%M@9O8K


()11Z/3E!2.//@G/A8IVVESDK5+] _;J
5 _L2-
M?@02

M+=Q[^^KR0.1#A!^1WV4U=
O




.)A8SHW8)&W8*+WBW821A *0H7#06!%CY4MK.=YY99@G5$TI.
M6+ )E7!9I -6B4-B\D, 8H93W1;U\'PM \U.'JU%Q99VF%R#U7:I; ::W39

%0%DO(;$'XGLOM6!T-)NIXH Y'%05?G'1/
2HKG#^5W&03&YFB)$0]Z605VO!TZV.O;= 2
MU/+&7\9^);7!!YF3^90/2+T.-).Z .4I&?=='$1OA(_;7!H
DUV6
',$Y
M8X

GXJ814S![B14^GN3%]'E;!X1S*.IXH=OMX_CG\









BC00EFU?

S)H9,RX$



!KZ!1P5/D4L @ZQ+[
MTGU.QJD],,TZN@$F/7M4 VENY.Y_27U#*8GVOWOAZ\'UO_/WIOWMHUE^Z+_
M/^!]!Z)/ B0 [=8LN7+/!1S'J4IW*LF)4UWO_75!25LV.Q2I)L4XKD]_U[!'



Y4GO94I71
MNC[-#8=F3K=7U?





MSF
MB9^CFR^9ED16?H(OY_L]NG&-\2-^GV]&UI0(JJV\V]RW@[6+XDYNV$Q.T

M
@:](L;,!%9QDK:+5!=FGT/8493C!P6?0?XTIJP],*\W(BM:NIE3V\BF(^
M;HFF$H?I.)-$!N,MMW69)8/:#TVMU2/XBH)55J 7G[A5]9J+:W0:ML0-V5\

MR4367!K=7J.SH7IH62-*F)2=V:#K2A&;;AQ)HJG5*RJC[J0?H*HLL'&FG#VQ
M\@5X B?2YW?[ Y95YIQH.GA+%J5 *9LO9N;B;

Y!:S/X_%%0A\6\0C
C*HU


J
[ G*D7I*'F.E2D



.R_OMOC;_1S[)/

M
K
?+C8OEGO36K\WJE%]9_9S11_CX_C*JLS+=7VC/X.(D@D?*0$9L1VJX%

N=TI!0+$@FLB:(0]QJ6\2;+M(


 _&? 6ZHD'%2DLF]L8'7 ^R%
I]YP7;:=FTGW

MB+)TZ%JF_GHUZH!:U&
[9@^B


J1V%*.Q%^3
M:(S/38JN4R9YXS1%D=&600]7K5ZA3&

MD:_^AM2RC.HGG4*9RMWLM

U


MXPW1\$S1O1L%LPSXG_K7YD)BF

 3%48U*-;\


MMJ\4Y&T





MM


MUN.

T)?R@./@Y3

)SFF/!_C4P2.#7W^$T
M?P



U /D?U/3\



F1
M2$%5 ^I!)0$


=)FH-5-(F
M'PF^F3).$ 
Q^3V9!2D0R\24[B*8]!O;P3
_N8./I((H!N$]%)C4
MGZT+]



M(NA\LM[]\LFV3'\_R( V_UR ;MOZYC#_G;A:++JJDU,]]S&;8BI!&GI EG


!W$5ZKZ[LWGF 3067\7K=&E7Q:YWK6;/BM
M5K\^U9T.N9.C43+D$



[



M7S\H&
3Y32J$-[^;

EX+V7 FF #-30Y;  BDQ
$)T[&
:L3#.!AA?(WBH(LHT8#ZF!\
M[LXS(;CZD853F=I
*6@UB!:E5X3/9,:@3'K?B4[9LY]4HYU/Z0:]M50:[]
M $0'\I+69^.ZJ]X&I0TAL/- D5^[O16*+




MT&;O]&R;@H@%I\JV?O0GC[TW:'7\0?NI8.]5=YL;#;_=WT=*XZ.G#S_LAI:9
ML=44%QLLYE6ST_






7; 9#;
MT]WG?G/@=[H'@\L[A/@HM_FWO*!/REL]:/N-[@X@I*HJ63;8@G:[Y;=W :-5


MNZ..Q-71Z_J#YB



MY7FT_6:KZW?/NM4_CU(68-I._*^_Y]G)=1#

M&^S8VR@9??_?_^__@ROY7]^OOU_#\_-Y)/ 5_7=O!!. '[Z*R7__[7V:3!%$
M_:31A/_
$_IWLW72;O[M?^








M 7E;
Y\ B6
2CN&7(9Q%*1]Z-7=IO.PAB]Q?

MR7F;

D


M?OWTZ(K08W))FLWE8+M?1B#8
N-H=?((FP/+T)?@AO*$0


YZPFJ)7K9PWQOG

M!K-+N
X-ID2/-?UVOP&/MFGQ-P&.0]P!9--8I)DF\/X;;RPFX2C$7:/YO.CX

MG:&GO-\K7Q+H4_NSIJIP8;7LG'/


M4T7PDJ)9B=N

M9OD$11$.1^)Z$B6W3'A&O#'72[RI0-\''4RA7RW^BZ@J4H8KICA1OQW9[*



H_5UDGZ-6?D

L5W[%.2^QOA(628


M_.$&?HDM/W@L4[X:
K$VUA]FK O7]4Z3V=Q6[X&MVNF=K;;4NX..WVD/MC1H

MI\L
^.Q'X+,(?* ^F^T?YY


MN.4K0P/#2VAZC:0-@GR&9(*
T



MW17MB %8A#L3J!K01S*5H5


KR7QKA0N5/@#+XV\
M:KN9^[IO

VU





_JB;!:M
M*

M9%/ZV9;.'H O2V;$PX]TXZNQU7





]:2


E=

1/^$B(+%8ZZ)
1-H0


M Z

0Y
6_$


^A[F=T?R& )OFE+^+.<R8UVCG\-(&AJC
7U/Q^)^X$-AB

]Y/&

)9M(Q^&8

M?!^!J2)%L)M
H%B#ICX\]@:]E^N
A












(($=2;1X

6/+K$5FK824N)52ZGUJEHZRL





M8:0+

XX\_
M7L
F15$83+U_G *?!ZUF&I!R92;&0[0';SY:7__X\0(/0.^PSMI5.)]WGH*/






HK[ IOZ&


MXJ?(W0FGG=WSR#STZC8B













M!J)VI,I,5
YO^4S'4Y#EB'0!V8O:


S=0+]%%GJ)J3Y -
M$GLQPL_G(/B[SV



MB)L'

 W?%!+2GV0++3CA




M&

MW8'?ZP^4:ETZNJ7_D6





 ZQ:^I%$^12[WF&8$!F@U+[9IV'G':%7I2A[

R=


MIL
P#JSZ
V0

M_MHL?LGPAD_)9
1@
@FCD-@Z/D'%+PF!X
KTL,U9)R2/,PU5L0G'.8/ZP&KX
!VM15TKZ
MY($WK@AD*[%T:9AT
AD5!\T5QAR\U)H*AOX[UEPQ]CMC+6[)3K8LD(
#]+

M5B1W(LSTLD1( 7#

D':1N)\AA:
D0Z
MPQK5Y9=!

DN'L=$!0V

M]5/:)2DK?&W 4 RUA.U81B.W
=;ZIC%-%K1P7WD\
*FN:/A0(GO(GR7 &H0=
M762B$S!7*/AKNRFF0 G&4R0S$SD:I.64&WV6?QT*/% ^?:RZC?+


M5]BMQE#9K?WZ +M53VEW]NN#[-9%CZYMIS\#U^87QT=H/-4LF%5 0^Z71#W5


M7


M=KN5ZL@(KI* 7G]UTBQ/D2A/G%K

T;\96MK**ST=S7[$MJAEQTMA,PNI806[MA\CFR\G+7SNR'&'YY5UV ]%C
MPOG]@/K/SA-5'6^1 40*%<DQG&LA^SV&<)WF&_B8]&XW)+A=N1S Y
8M:
S?V_1\B\\'+Q@L&T1L;0Z3X;)?)Y
?_$&*\O[[F&!
09#
M\HW7]



:/$3
M?UJ?0-#$EF1##DE;(M7(TP47)\WJ/MTJ:;@J=ZI\6(/*74CAJLG6NFEDW32R
M;AI9-XVLFT8^G::1E6O@IK+!ZK:0Q] 6
E2M+ IM(3/=%G*QP^-B)\=B^T9O






&XO7<YVT-WL_HT=
=)

M^]-N5\^LV.3
UB3OP9K


UIY.[22=VA:
J'%D8H/:H]VO[9H



M8NSD#T ^S!7 !(D+(7



L9T$J7J+X@

M
PUMG'?F5MT0K[R
Y9X:(I.NP\59
H
U

MYCE5X#GO@S#]%V*+?)[HE#7

M&CTH%9'X@8E_LAS3@KI3P1)CY0)_2Z(?=L&.

V6

S/<EA@GE%@2HL9AIC@@F

8#<@;DG

Q7M.B5Y%



M
DR^'4!=V)(J7<7&$HK
0
MF8O\GEX+


!;R@@
MLST8
_!*&4&9#V\C=]P^?7AUW. 9.^T






MT@O#[M!4TC#[+KV?DC$B!/H
S)8)HM^2 T.DB- =PC]3$K/S5
1C^4E6%!SC




R4D/J
VEQPA4


XC\$,,3LZTSLJU(Y*7Y8%8)6L
MB1YJAPJD<3W8P!7LJGLOIB+A14KKRSCG/@M/*
6L0P]3$$J]!5
Q57A*V

M%6P)ZM_^;&LFWED'A.*'Q-O8J3&AWN$@8D^B




;8([IG2M7




V
BNQ
MCU4Q



CD




U1&BLA
VU_:*=\!'.18B/B*Y9&P:5
M

M=E:[C=_]_OSJK0
L7CK&'S



T8H

M52C+)7+!Z.;4^X
 WUG*R5\6CI2_0'-AD^A65^ 1$#$FRN



:%_HU(R(HPR C;XLP-
:BK9 *&$[Q8NHBM;=

T^$6-WD1C
21:.Z$X7Y/)-


M:TX*3MZYA8A?S/QNHHX?@O^.B2317J_I.77B\&F^YXR9'0CE3;.M6H=4K
M7;]\$V27[*4;J$ A@1^#8$C5B@5BD=B+9T#/5#-'ZP';866G(#QKPB^23D]



M@?4@E S#L9H(E3S #%7-6!B]E:$



4HC
Z1-PW*\R'4%49N7^@#[ZK:4Z)OT2$\%PY)/FH+R<



9A%ER#L).LB%S4TG%

M%0'J;9
\
EEIT^#?W 
^F2R/;




MFS.



M7Z^W=*UE#*&\SIC$3;%R



EPM#X*G5++JY-LNNNRR1MG0)3

MTMWN.D;7L7?F:^KK:[
Z)UX]RH%ZV!WV^H%LU-O]E=Z-&L-'[+D#'-L91*






L)\U4F4W&)MAURF2FEFUPYOCL6OY9O.:&88DA0J_U0O



M1A4

!R;415P0VB)6


MHYTV
6.J$VP*D:-


M7IQNRIG'OURN9;B0-.4*Q!+AOV


M]8Q?858[0GOXK%)H0$F@AO;7UTLP0N C-D:([R&VS@-ARAY7+72CE'7& J



-

?T.RH3OZ9)/O- =I\N'X\]KM]J,O/E.Z6M0PKHJ&!IJR[IBFY((6

MM]7:UT
9N\HD'BDLO

)86M


M)0














M@%S!$@?56=;7CDSL_5 4JZKCACI(J]N[(OPBFC ^MC!K5_*HCN@%6N58'D&/


MMM*AW^F_+\(IV.

MA_=GD*:R-2\8A&E9L)YC*95^C7Y9D'S^0FF;I@%[@):E&B*_Z_#RH7)K/I

MQ*P.T_$)-MNYHS(PD'/IPA2ON$Z*%\ *T0*4@G(LZ/:_7!3%  ](O
V.K.DJ


F$C_%'0- .\7V.&9
?WY*@%




M1D3%

MX%ZFR


QDX8G'

R$?(=[S!+


MOD$:@]XE+^



B\3G]4DYW'3#

Q\+DU *T .

.R6$=5B#A1PNW-=5?



MF)^@;Y7V= JF66+U[K!:Q-/2O4@57I'UC#N =
2AD^R7RGI6MA(^6S-[%%-O



;45;1]M)(WT6:T##U_JYGZ9#HPE]?@55-

J4SEE9%:7#KM.^?J6





MF?6BDBW;DBS9

QZMUVOO?-.'GX
M+\!B(I)'1O%OFGW:[4SSDP$^@P&#QR!VO(5[MCZ_IP9&,4]-KPV#&9/'BF.


F(S
B?R2XLJ4HC?YF7DAOJ(O,N
M53=^LWO=_)'N:S)Q_:*OTM99RK5'XNVM O&FU=9MNP*75@7Y#F^7RD;;TJF



M







;8.S]W=W&:W\UF3IN6*!ZJC0P%6IQ.S)=

H#5SK
5MF+OJ*G3+7MI5)*0!G;J1#LU3#E


MW0EJ&Z

<M B&K]:_1&%2Z^8X!86UM@);[9


]F'N:=_C9\4@/


M
M2NR;
SF&L ++;&8-Z7%Q+%F%D


MT(X5G_A0*B1%5%5=E);ZXID

M $TW1*
I'LT\S1D






M.A[Z IWAQ/7=* [I*B]$Y&IAQTEP^H'V@S! $Z#SP









MU\&T1'/N\CZ1@PE#V%OY5*RNH1N=DJZF\GE?]1](]2NO(?0N:UB/O'SDY0/B

B^8+&FV&-^8/YF<
R
@I :
M0PYW/L^1TL&(.Y_!9:0XCWG_N2PO]% 2(^6%!F\1?$4TI*?FUM'WW-1D@W61
M(35M?-$P+YA
?BD92M?^[O@SRG5:
9]O!;ZDK7P[A3

!?@ ]AMBM-8IFV)I*9:ARWH 2DT?V;M-OF8]L
MM&V]:U905-74'*L*V55:& ENJ9=SYA/-:BGO9FW6QV[LM2K*@Q3VJB@WIB&B
M\?B
UOV

_ONB[N-EJWW6Q6
EGB[4BV-U-.B



M0$-X0FZG!+JB^L_7Q(F2K_*2DKU&W:!?Q(:H&ZNAG;+6'Y$VI-HO;+T;@0
K@3P_%8K0
YUBIF


/5^WRH-YFY;

7\?6?MOW2FBK9^LMHX)\NJ:ZQ\NT_#R;!!2.
M/]E CV44A1+7=AW9;]_
;2GRQ R,*9?7;LLLB_: ;#.4^9%A+*LZQ;*R&_)S<8E+F873+57\5$4O_
M(DX8:1=+;3L+RZF*U:1U!U,Z*:4(881HJDP#VD,J3C4LDI'5LELK\ U1LD25
M_.&D+4+C+!UHSATGV9Q$+*Y=O?T.?

^R'$D9A'8JXDYL\:ZVN^(VI6YB3(
M'ZKO=


G6K





.R'JS

8LS@#A%1S&.&';1*1+YF&E]
M0)G6;RX':C$S^RG4?I4P[[/R?LF\\X:[^SEA



M?O0O;?3MZ6:KDE!5\X+MM;B-;@+_Y.@ZRDRK-3I=W:XVK?:=.X\ZW;9N]W9%
MT7U98$?GT=O!:A=RO? U$HZCZZNS3U?75X]7%T?OT1O#:E^RZ^@]VNP]LGM]

M
AHT#?.1E\E=0LI*

MU0@)EH
OWY\SR=2[1E=O&95-/W_CSJ2NW='-;KT]@P]'#7]3SB2C;^I6YWVW

MT8M4I1?);K?U7K=\TZ
*GMVDZQK^$GY5=S\P@?\E D!CBWWLXP9OR=VGZJ
MIN'

__W%/R]NOET\Z-K-Q:-V


MJ_/.1YKM8*S;[MZA'

C':K


F5@Q]WDEJYFQPI
MW;(LW:AB'D%3F34'%=I]4V_U#Z1QU=&S5*2BU-9;-;?;:SH)S'9?[]GO* WR






HWSCHI?)-N



@PFT(/]I&70_\0!_FR8)Y;QE]\!
MA9K'9#R.B?84$N?[


MO'
Z[VR QRXU0BX$NMW\_=H7]$#QA&C):U'^Q670M'?1=KX-45L:FS5BEX
M8IJZ46U







MEV*P_CL*XW]_=7UW
IM(Z#N'!;WS(P5]\VC_U1F


!_WSMOI A<Y7\C7A#:AI_JX;#%*AR[5DGH!50=J<XU
0=

 OC\3G^@X31[DX75=^[P 5! AHP. /]. CG%3C/BZR=
MSP_


W A_;V73JA
3<






FNQ
;.2SBIJ-0X!3^($^1&Q/

MB;]?N7AI.Z/5[705/T-%X.P0S5RZ8Z?=LXPW@69I=Z%E'#8!MO4N&AV[;=5/

C1^='S?3(O6D]J31BPT7P
M+EVZ

$(WF/H#


M(;OD%W[LQO.\%_;W+X$WU*Z)

M]N)X



M]JP6W.H*D'*NW T*ZTXCJU38N7U:/ I(GIK8K'4!FI7M P&KM3JO%!BS-J



GGB7\W/Z
7=(F.;Q

=M=N699



^DNOK\SRAFOKAZY^TS!.C+^!#V(@SR@=?KW;XEH)=






M4XU8K 




M5


M
XFR%(M;WNDIWTY3 @$!
 FRG*O9Y:%WQK\6

+PF]_E?

T_:K
M49 FW1[%A;WRIY1%KZD%Y!GE')M[@36/-_]P*+_R5\YY9MP^H=QJOL]K59_
MDX0WC9Z==KD5HL(7Q_6A&=&MG_QNL4M IEJ1^?;DQ[S0OM*?FR\VTF]UCR
MK-BS*N+T%.)L/+83J]\S.R6@1?)!66[X1!4$5DUB%J&./+Y/1D$X1Z_M/
M^


//%0_)5UJU!U[;
M@;!9L/:K-,*F81T4PCG+01N/,09+=X5QR]X8Q2


3SZ&F@?C4;7CO/H_C5#@G68+_-5JG()71:TK!D L1


'C.6RDS1'H/;@L&SOCF.IV!L0
M




PDW
MHG$^#EWZPW1

MM]M]:#% N*YB&CQ0H\4C:V[\8TC^%GC#07#E#XHJOS5JZ05



]^YF(Y JV3L/





RT+!WCL6V6FQ.=6(9
M8#X0^9OOHM3.D

+:Y($\H:
M
)WJ)) /R$74SH;_2\'!T52/P=EPZ

W&2HVFP/X&L0+H6)ES9CI3+4*)Z&_[Z\QK$IV$^R)0+_2TLNS<* #Q2;


M](EN]86RO&Z'K6#)11SZD5:O;18!)IO39'?@F\ ?;#?8W+2[AK52:&5L5 5D




BM[[G^@2&<^8G:-O8ZCBTD@FR.J-F FS==K;



T;4[9FTTJD;R&)U^VN=4)XC%V'S3/-NBS+3%

F!D




A_%X9DBI[4!W#Z(B0Q<K%2X.0TP'<:_7R@I4??L0


MK-T?Q=G;;B3*ZS4=*&XJI.OLC*'7IJ[6CR?5Z?JE\4S/ #V; *^=USX\^2YT

UX1[\<.W
M.]M(_(T=;-D!ZD#YL6M:32I72


M&3LSRDB#&$/EV1=?XCEZ

MLWLGM=%9DL$98.X$&S/GV[OY46D&/E95%G*=Z-1_1=I&&13.G6A\^?GJG'Z4




MH)_=#H





D:SSNBQC.C&-=/3[-EV5_HU5T*Q!;1;
MTBW-T);1;ME6?GB3





I&_/DY!=\(*

M_\^PI_%'#4ATXGB4I+]IH 6YHSE#* U*!@ QRXXAGA=-G0$] CA7_/?4&0[%
BI=N9Y=*F8


$R&^1GAS6P*@*%C0[YUJ%
M(!7@C


?DWL()C-!&Z0.1 O)?V8N?3 I)#Y5K;$!=AS0?WTG&A''A3+6
MB:+99


M6)^I? ]%
'XWB %P&(<JPZ2R<!NP53L39 @\\H+72$=X5+T<GA47 O=4C'I4389P


JS0KWQ90% 71F\Y.4





M!V\X+;Q7D3MQ/2?

P;/TUS](']4AD[L
+QF3US*HK)1#Z&&94^P71+)P.


.(#K=/!L
MA/3SJ$4S[VOP@K$N=H9+ES:3&T^II:8YO*9'S[CN(]!O965[ J&ZB'S87BE$

SIYCJUT)Y./KBR@ @:1TJM Y)


MXBF:D@$HC]J MT^*(.Q ?PS1@HQ#*D#YELP&3CD&K](Y1D\$2A2I0'QU6+C9

MNM-3K W&]%CY8R%/1SY#U%[E&A(:
%&$H7@*Z]3AOJ_A3
FB4DX[2!KMG&J?
MQ&Y.S-!B#U+6]_C;

MKBTSFGXRVCKE?!V(-&6.2F\NO++=PK8\CPP?*V G!12720_L9,?4KZ#@V!/
MJPSNS*]*DE&.U?R'14AR3+@9(+E%/M:])-L.K2TD*7:WI;7-\?\9
^R!A

3A$8N-P\
PZ9/B5]OZ5VE5*$2HMU

M58

53:3T@B^^M




P[53'_F)7CCN[,=&6I2AAF!<
M0:3 9X81&DQ3QPUY5 -7+0YN14'PHZ^.R#ZALV56S4#\%DY('A)\*4:IL(


$1#





MAP7$D)
K[)3E[7V2U/6RSP^7WPA_X9A)P:95XNF

M$1HPRYTH3F*
]#/TRP3\L#@FD_[*':DUPP


M*47X$HSTB
3B?N_6?%?$'F?C$ QZ:#/#DF

5_A=\^U1Y#
M9T@@U9EY3;AK6K#E


M)9J;B!!RM-X'Y2B=*M/.?Y4!$: C$Y8!0

MW9Q8'R426_3D\Q 884?




XIM/ 61&J(D%:J7+Y=G#IU0)3N8:WZ;X+*=+9+ZEOD?A[)ZT3$6*
1;0




M3A?#%%FX(D2=IF\ T$LA39B2TH55 PH^*^43&I2,%(&,IC2-:=R9)\R
!!
3C]6NV&E


M
NYXDL








=)1S/
MTZ5EN%EEQB/G'3;G6;ODO

MT'[LNUD8S7A[_91-F':)'Y2YK#E9\3\HLDA)+V)\P_)?T.':#B (4M& P&
M


!@C6X[/!


M=LF0!-92I6UM=+#G:Z3QZG;3*X
6('FDQ54[VO2 H200 CF6
3.1
(0F&;

MD.%.$7.C+X XC/#98?P+^=J^*%=$Q8V318A.D;Z6/%HC'C3E18=+UR?!E0&Y


O4L.\'


M+J;X/)
E47%




 -$



M=!JN#(LJH.;DF_Z4^NT1?_/ \CU8^ FA]@#84'SME7D:]2+

:7?@=

6^O3@6P<6!Z*_@)#2623\L
M TE84K*18TI\)-VL?'4-V?Q1S/%]I@H$:@MSC R*E9UTGA6((.A[%SG@RY5&

/H.&#VV&*C086\FJ[L51%$@]$4'5VM)/]L[/A?-?


*IEI05=
IF#-@

=HM#][Q=IA&^@GQ
(ZL&E871D6@U

X\I58 @AQ
M6[ZJ* T.91T\IGGRIC];
87Q<5;G.2WJ4QMU*9C;]S3\WT%F^QM5HC^#

M@]G8*[L8B )V42(.'R1S!J7'BR]0+:V@=#1


MQW.PJGH]F6S)JKSJJ

DLC2=A=


M[V?KGZO H\* O\U+ @&&PN$




9R)+HZ-
[0/046\\K6O]#V'2/WB;!19


 288V

2Z%G4'Y@%+$V0^EK&<[*JE&6UI\4LWY+6AZ0^F^ 6U/: _7UN<
M!B@\TQAFVN 8:WRZF&,*/R8 WPPL;[JU $(6OSUD?E(%=@$H.$G1IE*5N]+
M@(QCJMA

MPWV$#VTZW 5Z(0(7YV#N4$.$[Y9- 1X8HA;A0HXHW*\A*^&%[_%5%P03PL7N
M






M^.Q.ILY+JW(MPEF$?B )42.4F %R(\41L3XLGRIIN#.CGF#FEE,+90_B7#


Q3MW2.3




YE-[A@&+V19=WZ
*_93?*!G6?
ML92
+Z.L7MB=#:Z758%J


M
T+(R2$C($
X2QJZ1JNZY^U$JA[K8.H)DS[N-DP*P7#ZK%\Q 76=$JYP
_



U.)


)3^$=51@8B=^+'MP&MF5K3F&9*I!Q4!M4)&5

N%K-1;QT=V38'+QAB(?V.IDBV=2WF=+/A0XIJ?*C+V=G
M=ZE
@


M1S\(KG-P#Z'@ !F0](E6ZB&$FR?IQ

/+T' Q3S : '^"OT!4IX'.DF8(UDON..65.TPDBN?6/G+






#.
M0R'O].PP4DUXCVO

HWO#P+^CK&EX-7PD9:RM5G?O $%;Q\7 H
MEG2\1EC2&(7#)%^&OVVIYNY=]%P34T'S4CYOM5SBI8/2D:-QS6OC!J!$F]





TLD[H
M:%

#!:DZ!BHTKLYWU'D;+FIWS$*?*^T#SW$GD=I/1S3!2?I]H5
:


J 83:9$D&Y82 )16K:2%)

E&6=
IHPZQYD-6'$$RMX?$2J8I*MS%/..8J0J5*#S
;VWYX5ZY.N_31R7/!-8LS&$SF3,2\L<1\\!]-\&23(*L;7WJ?8'
MSU',&IS I\Y@08&Z%8@T:JL$5+(.'8)Y4]P'D&]^.5$<C




KEGCRG








BX=(]3

MAI$NU!80_\:))I/@.Q_KXHYBR+.=\B9!U4K#[-*)W#)19A.LD8NK&CN4EY7:



KGR[N\4QUKCL-8'1. /3;UD\'IPN4B6QPP5.5&&(
M*T X=K!-6;JG#@H T;-GY;Q1Z#7&(BZ0

TLQXME-K!7;&V=MIB($
M.-APSIO_)4T;](2=(!O
P_0]!]OZGD0QF8H1;;4$*P[
^= S&^=\
$[W[6FX
M8D
P1%=7J#;S]Q-LI*,-CO-83I+WY"B2/(('+NY9QCRSSJ+N1)$!=
MJ9_-\8=L&?B5C:N9&QH<LJ+I!WUGN?/JQ&B==.A_9!! .'[3CJ_DJZGZMJ$;
MB8$MO/1!^H+1O?\JI@M,B.-3UAS-O*1-]<3YWR!I]K0B6,'OE_ L@U,2.H9
M$
\&@BI.

MYOX_7%8.PA%!$;PO0A\N?'4KX;-T]\Z6T65Q5A?-R.-A#1 @=

MPC

MC^ICEDD XDBPELM2):.G$DRA(./C8)Z78%.!
GV-629;QJ2:TR[63QI#&%





'N+912EZ5O\



@2O-O)\-5$I=3ME K)W&TLW3VR!C'
3MWK^3I)J\[)?P4U?0Q%*P

M@7Y]C::2^7E6AS%%^+T@(Q71/#:ZRPDN= -'\=T
[&P#@WAO909A0)%U2+2
MA8?!K8\1'B]2FY;O&ACX.QQ1)E;$1#SS?-U\6]QGAH;#8;%@)=SYBBNCZE_
MG:KM#._YLF!




CLQ9KPR_;I







MT+#;V(



M2+P!-T-QB)H5Z^$)2D97G@I2%0BSJV\(=2 K4R':@EP?U4W].BF TI\@A/(
MO($)9 N



MJEMXJ9YM]*5Z[D
\*[S7.E%X(4J+13&DY)I;=_D4I^D:0A]EFEU=4Y90NL*N



;*


MXK$N.YE/

M^].;*E-H9DY;9@D^J2.-2]#NJ/_-8B'EOZU7(_
?@PCLQ ].RZ!BV2CKM\L3
MYR #RVWH^2Y.COXX/[T\/;EPSOXX/_JOPXL3Y_ _ST].OIQ\O72=XY/ST^^'



XS&7!-)GE7F**,*[A
MX7[9^Y1^F(!1Y(T0OQ_==(PAU'R]DJ(8JR'D^W./I]:(-1A8/SRN7_-Y0S*
WJ_49D/#67:]Y:K$-1V+B,]6M
MT?+5MBV9OPE [+RM;OF9F/J$;SS5]*TFT4K\BFJ.\$;SM7^1+)7^'9B\'D$
MY
*K]FZ[;T/L+HSM_Q@C0N!2[L##1/@-Q_0)'WYD'WX&#\_$XBC!
57C40/:
MA\C#R!!! ONO!WV
E8R&$ZHUCWD+JV^D=Y
MK1%XQZPKL!8$P]]4%2F6@2(AYU\A7JC2P5$8037%:IK^$2/! .,*!7O=@\.
MS,E'\=Q&^ X%]E/*X\LK/90$S










^E2OQ9+OAH

 !)!Z



%-9[ _::HCY -^C36(KY+],:K30QC&TK0<,56&RO,W
M'19GC2$;]E;&2D#W1L
+&O9%2$XC';]*P5;4DNFGA-TG/BS&7N7&H4COH
8

&Y*C_8'$1R8\FI7)S+&8^M2#\])(Y,R6Y36Y+2%
M#$+#196.Q\;7\^A*3)47C0(H;1N:9]%'?0
8%)TY&1H=6FV-7Z:4GN
 4TS

06JKL*&@

:\J?D
M6%-PR$2%%KU-U]9 90N($L2/^4Y. -\*W_9BKUV0'K$;

M UB@E$3)A&%\PH_9!28#KY\.R37G$S3NWF%VC;^=6Y B4_!6SLT)LD_@='

J+XXM?X::


M&D-
K7B/_HCBA=M1

MI[F)2]?(\H9MR#;+\LKNK
J@7.T8SV4\\\+:$9Z5[$03/GO:$/2RF[#21S[F
M:#WW0C32N &;L 726*K6GR%$_=RAT=)8L4_$DT! Q(%CZCB(1QPXSA7ZS^EU





MN]=HM3EW06925WE_L\B%U5R=^


%X\VEL&L;B*  X'!&##&D
QG2!$4N1XU]= 'D] 2NH'
MXR 




MFO%I2Q$HC8;23'!$

]U-];&E'


MJR(1?
M:NX4D
K?\BLCC-2%]FK2N/6_RX6)PH^R*T/\V*G_*#((
#IQ=NV


@

L


UL#.F=_T49HA2^T:TPQ1R[C?]$^

M?__^U*=&K!+G\SVWHZ;/3P7Y'CDX;AFH1
%/J.

ME_5MP$HB5@MG^!QLOEJPQU


M=D5/=];(Q!5:C(8

!W!;:XGAZ@D%X4^_RH?3+'.B




MMXK8E-C\ZZZ3^MUC1OM:CC^8APL*&.^0)1\\V7K4JN/'9.3M?@UGE]Z#J'8
M7&IQ*F&YKV(3XACVLSQ.(8?X^EU=S3XO3L;C$=:=]0'/V;TIH.)_QL NKPS
M!B/=.%QX#&^U0GP#GHHL*(2H)J)NUS291T74


M778-6&EM#S11X:_M#E8HT/C&%;N'%M1])4J49OW;=:\0U@+^LOVJ=X_X%AW
MBFT1&TT0S(0SCJOFN*9H8\NI*J-_4O6V%-]Z$=
DR[






/
V&-^:@O3;1)
Q: VN!2BP@K^=C +DL5B
NR-








01O$I(
MC
1B2*R37H#BMJX:3OG$\NYP:O'##A?8.&&8&GA2J1H
*6Q/Y!$/?N@4Y@A3
M%B_E4B

68*VH%?
 H.=202%%_
M^E[Y$8@*&_8IYU7&I(9CIRW[@W=@);;.C)+*W&J(I.B^ D3'T?.]!RS2X2]



MQ!(N)2#ORM_^]_\;$_&/^*#
%



Y96 *_*65!EX^*

5HQ\O

M




5'% 7
M0U#DZL]BD.!P_


\'M8O57@:VS_2XRDY&28GB8+
MG4R%*G7WSDK2%CF7\AJ-!39







QJ^80$MQ-53?SI3'\[%[:H$RD7S%YYZ4.991Z
MJPLW:F



MB$B\F



MP'J-.+9C& J(#=7%@Z_ZMU;7V&XO$HSQ0V5/8;O%KK%//%IL\)C9VO7-Q0


Y

44^RUE=T&



;'\^@@S[7X=[N-7DRN
MVXV*_
4MX@_8#;




MNM&/ABXD




&J5*%'&








MUZ_L23B V9(%
JK5W.^!YX^



MXFA_VG )A25Q)H=02&V*W%=*N65J[7)?([[YQ)&TS






$%     @ Q8N/4I2T\7-O%@  $R\! !4   !K9VMG+3(P
C Q
M
C
Q7V-A;YX;6SM/6MOXSB2WP^X_Z#+X@ZSP+B3N-\]T[=0;4MK&-Y;6?Z

%)EVA





OAC]R.O8X3SZQ1BZ2_3%F$3KV$._&+^YP1K_


U3
CO9
3_C8!P%

M[V[F_TMA4/J\PMJ9^
M5@

M-
M_:N3&*$SO4.I[;@!'&#!)



R=I7F=Z;G)W&42/


M



 Q7O'F\Q

MB;$+VNO8H^OT_V\3]


Q%,#5'9A?E NXB@PS4=&,%QAT+I$
M24#^U_B-YCQ'&UBJ-J]2*C2
/5SA4 -XP;F*@RZZ2@$:M$APWAK?8
ME69IYJ2K*LX0V.;C/:!6 
%;PQ?
Y:KSZ!*S0E=KG1_1C':IAU#O5S2C7NII
MU/L5S:B'[_R-?*VE$^_*

#9R85T96!MC

M]CR9PQO#IX)'((9KX@9)=1QED





M64_XC]N1#6
'$&=A]<VKUC0MS8 Y[EC'Y9EG378G=
M#O$@\@K(!J3&+RH5TFUQS0KYYFYRFU7SK9/.PG57IT2RIRA(D]W?9++NG)UO


MICVLI\]8
%G])Y\0('B9P)PJF;%G1/$

MZ?A8
]-*@W3P[N1RH1)G'8B




48R2=MQ#FNI
M44#&JLP!,/'6=$\B%3*QZZ7?_?1NMX/0WT8-%!D&D3\5;BAG2@9K3V%&72M






A2B'[

M[

9)V!PTH^K-3BL@ZE3+M5=NNE060KF49T:W5N


M;F'+L_Q98


Q9:B5+2.T1!IWN!QQDO*^:^V_Y/-/
G(?;7ZW0[K!NM#1

 T2*K5
M+5(&6XY!FJ

-9EOR*^LKX/6(!W8R[
M9-(QB'C;D[J28%]A-
@DUBW.
D..P!=^);?Z&BV#:I![K'V!LMES#*NSU)!G
MGQG:L^6YMI)-1C@-%=DS#WX+Z-M0SF'O4#()6WC-I?5F :U8EJV]1JZY#Q

]0K$?S3*L)W=NCZP
M@LXDS;5W-]3WF NH!AHGC/;G8 LW@R@UM4/KR;MSPP4BHOB!]_COQ4!! ;*
M4


' 930\61Z



MJ-.L%%A/$L2;2AKQ$;4
2%

M 
%6(O
()#Q!WCHF[VZ%*)&_9R*'U-1;V$^R(N9H+=4]Q+F7'%OW!?:3X_$)
ML/24*TR$%)F=0O[9'#$JW%6-UF[F


M^U44S1[]@/0WML




A\[4
L96S[)_
S&FC3?RB;S[SBWW4FH!U_?4XB/=


MMVQR*9L[
G_TOEF]OY-]=&IE8B1_O!J;U\; 

MLY:K('I&'



W$31/Y$E6+Z*!

.

MO


MH.LH3.\$Q1R'SJOZ4A=


;-O.I+OAH21GRS/LSZ(+P

*6
\^MQ.*@'V;EGEPUU;V




MP=G;^;FRL(44 H%8
11(63PM(Q%8%^Z5*JT FAO_&K=26/ D.WFS?X/D
M.FW.P*L+B%X?
B/T)9=K[.RC:S_TE^OEKKELG_F&V'8&\ 0*HSX@CMOWAP^F

[%.7W*,X6 _R4ZF^?-**&M\T^V@@!/AB0/NCU066!#IM7@2


M&=M4-_/7GV2@
-@IR2[92E=K(W:ZBI)$9O[TDIE*9?[CO[ZOEHT'$H2N[_WV
MT\4OKWYJ$


5$#LBT\;]MF$MB1
%?N/:7=(!PI\;W6[K16



C?&Y_M



MO]\'R\-W



%(5$H)DC4LPPJR33Y50
[(%ZT()'KV$MY@B4&



M]*9M$CJ!NV:_]6=7F]#U2@D.\\8F?*9K6R@RU%V)U[+H74]J*FX_@;CVW$

MG=71NE


M[+2=2@JB:$ED%*)T2Y4:$)UV=/8Y)!!N@%EME=HW#F4QL*7VNNS6*O7_^Y#\

$V\]-A*98M8


Q+VJ%/I7.2S.S-



M




6?A

M-SA-VOT#NO#X$*)'HCW_G+7&Z54;[
1


M!PZE.HY!BF/IA^Y\$?5G=^'NQ3;G[.%UJQ-N$HS 7A^MR%TS:9*N^T!2V8NY

I%G1] ;'%_$\6E$-GC598O(^L@8PU3



1WZ0];=C#=+V1(VNF&-9(T1#PH9;W&
M?^S7VU.:R)_(^&71F.[
)5


+

M1

E=\\O+









$D?68EG2CKCLAXY#?NS


^K
]H3RU/M$
O=S3

]\0LT0B]X
F*RI01C=+




MJ+KKX@'L%3KZ@21%\@9II3S9-(QDMQTJQ.IFZ*;A 'O:Z)+\2=+ZBBTMS=

@F#KS9
O8*$PR



M3_UNVQJ._H^]]L._-]K6=:?5&9OH:1
]C3-Z6B%*N_RUK'*I[\7U0N1RIV5W

@S('+8U10=EM+=J!#%G5TN\'Q/E


KC'PXE6
%0BGHK$83\


MB
KS.

E4*/E;&CE:86E'[\U'UJR;HU<\NKH7[]N=]

_&O^Y?P/T-_
(R#P,H^ S.@VC\S
8^ 
*-C'@&91T#F$5!Y



JPZZ:Q&6(+#U
M^G?KE&O\:8(OG(1<L]?WWYLPBLV*L3\D=(=WW4YH9Y:3:I6:QG?]AQF2VER


2A52#Z;KVO;N


KUUX:\0
]%D )B&$-?[\ N0


M3:I]UQ\ Z2R.0:3U%I/.TAUW/J4]\50$^?3L\]X_ -X TR#DBA
1I0EJ!63J
M1BT[F

@B@XB3*

@3)&MO9T
1L)^/PAZ)^RH&%S.[5)X#Y0



EQQV(C=Z(JL

H_12*3B$3
-K*B7Z


MYN431%FO*^MD?K*63*=B&6@RN^;Y;4IS)Z/C=T01Y!9/7ZIY*T%X#T66.9
I\-)LG.?X8^YW-3_JS4ZW2YU^%









&\W-#$+M],;WI]_<Y9*2W_$BVYNS)\.G<).]=/7
MY_KI3;_?_M+I=F/%M-


*


-@$SH)J_
UY0&+N






:#:@:W!^./G4&)1/'

FAK%5E.K'[\EM7KF(:E1Y8TJ
M;U1YH\H;5=ZH\D:5+_?


M6#O&VC'6CK%VC+5CK!UC[919H.






,CD.(. ^:@X,Z/^;&3GT2'A
M/NBA$I#.NUW0J42NUM148?SU@[8;KOW07O9G7=^;=]T'






Q8UC](! W'0N


M@K')/&4T55MB
.P/K.'XCY\;@V[L#^VUXUK& U:FPBH1D$UJI14(V:A14
MHZ :!57GX[.G/#NKCU(JR0)=11^6


MC_!T;;)QO_5[XZHYLECIX]N!U1O%Y1@JXF!(ENPB8&#3N3\.;

M*F(VM+K-
:5_T*0&36


==;B3T1DXAAA://B[*D?; )G0?7OQWCZ-@FH


[3B

X;/:JLJ+.BUUS^'V3*M*1*GE=F1T2


M$MGN$F D=;&6Y[W!?F1CG1KK%*EU6J)C]VH[IM\-F+ BMVBR
U+3-@\+99B\


*UGA;





*0@;=1PV@YWO.+I$6


2#+LU:XA9E%K.H##%KI

W9^DF^NU'9 E(,_,MKCEI.LVO4(

M$




%C_@


FA^*W;2:I)GFSA7]G:LQ/
U+-6-X&L
3A^'Y
M([]44W-F)I5M^
1



7F=R\?56
F\:%;GXNL_FY*
C/I6Y^^ ;GV\N?4
SE+Y








\QQ0?'?QI+2(\L71AC
/DT(DL)E3*'03$*WD6D^3+A]


FUO

?5/!9AHVF))OVRO?B_8Q:

M
FD';1PL*.V([6^B



QU



M.U&)%^ZS+G

MM21(QO(NM]E467I6!E)_U@K(U)5



MOY?8




M*
-5JAK)';VN


MRY$.B5UODL$DW1S?8:(58B! :B'9%TT:J%[VU'APEW296M_7[BYO
%NPG'QK

INSU^F'AT0\CHS6*8-;'RFT1Y1L&/
M8GYN0$

PCHV
M1E;K;M@9=ZQ18W W;'UJCJQ&\V9H6;=6;_QSHVT-.Y^;X\YGJ]'M-*\ZW;CI



<3F
M$N0R7;''MUFCY\DLQ&)M+G< ^EQI/#!\9_&$E+/B2Z

7M/2IP'U28F@34@
;][(3AAO0J4 2;/&F6WQIE/LFIS$7)2



MI\X$!YK@P
2];)9FD

/NF4/!NJ]SH E+O1:$7/VZM-Z+)


#-#*X1.=W?QH@
M*
\&9:!ASD8](@'+

MG#([Z7IEE1

M-_^B%9+\8+/_#N
M-\&<*WN)GI-+U/N'- <@&H4W$U-P0%:)Y?*([4FU*3A@@Z8@@-*Y\$S*3CP

CV[

M4\5DDT:935IO5I_Z)00VV:31G('UFSR8SUN339J335K7L5QU.FG!&8XNH?1K




MD_21I3=K=DSQ;DHE
_V<&T1R)JH/K!C+C
G\]]!OO$
G1@RK)

MP)\2!YYD-D:
@HAH4


M0!
.H


I6
EI.WF 4+$0R)]FUY






&+/OH06
M CG2(;$K3G+-(P0R144
8#=


M&)F_3$$M#+0025
/W^T@LE0$+K2
QOBA 8D&$='K!3BDK-A'NG==^]Y=4EF2


KO3_/K30:
M]'NC_G#TJ3
PZ95

=&
MJ)



HW5 4;OX$/_T@OV4


YLBIGY
M@A6+4_2BP'8X83/BOC5 2XH%U58YL$.QHFW#[$@E]O?#G_%*-46EAVM8=*?
MXDT7*U4L.,999G.\( BIAD!YH\_!$=.8%K;^Q^RG1D?SYT97:LYLAK=3O.J
MT^V
DPZ

@$IQ9Q-
M)B#%!*34 B&4?JEG$I!R0[4
JE?
NMT6-R8EU0YU6$HFM16YK'ZGNAM7E



\ OJ=WUVMJ4O-SE9\TJOS^.*]H



9)9IQDQDF&@CC)#-.,N,D,TXRXR0S3C+C)#-.,N,DP^4D@[)V23IK
M,IP=FB+\Y)PT +T2KK#*4[#NE%?N&Z/W;U)95ZV;7;84$\!D?#-U\\T41^EJ
M$U(VP_P:/@O603=D'IOY(BOQ)63'Z@=C:*'$&?-]+Q2D1.PSR.\&C].)2B@


M2015/SMI


MCP5$
[C!8$%#9FED-J\5)K*+1&^^H#R1:MB%?THIZ*S6*N^6'T;]V9Y26.@G



_QX9) +B3]1I5WSS8X@F=E;X15/
M
H=9J=G81B2*=KXY.=+?I4D?C[L6H]XD8#
W53_23=68?D%_UJ13W9O'//!O


5^2I3)VW539AREQ=ZN1_G^.E'

M]T!Z#)HBD$F#SI

M5S+FH@O/EV0)A$%Q6-:^+.^U'QQ-


M*%


M9V&'??)::/)14WD#)$.'EF%A5L\9?XN=F431OZ*VCYPS8BL=DA5!X!:6.N


[Y.Z;
M:CBYP+XS0#2#TOU0-.X3W'H#0J3F;:KAY +[I@#1#$KWXU.B:DV(F6R(6:52

UZQ9U):R86!@NM*P9
JH -^




*G^

9IM&:0*RPPG?1$Y M$KD0
M(.0!VHQ0NE?5HLCYA#K





(
]OJ2AXB+VB8
M;$C(JJ.+!_;661#GZR#P(Q*7X*$_K=PP](-MCW[$?UTIU9GNB=AQR

([$0L



M#_$A65+-9#JP@VB;K



)QL2MNH4



M[F/*+?]1.+_KY!)[#05)%B#PM&=[/B5^5X2T$'3G76L(738+X(V25NC8/=G1



X)-W)R]?T8&^OO,NK+(R2 XW]=T
M#OL.'_;$.SWW3YK


M+ZCF)&^Z$N2AYGG4$M^&&9G-MN5E4CWY2GV=9QLC&/6#RPR$_Y$\MNU73YI



FD'/)
M)RG


_
)Y]<&@SG
MM!#'5&L5&

M@W5:
A5YV2

MD/C;'W%0$

@%H&
MP!O^
?BB'O/A]\[&7 2K'?/^ES#&7((&_-*!IB+\#$(G\D+]_W'6VEFZ#4




X:&]ZW[^K!I9_\XRH/Z&T ^H/A7F@:Y&(NAED'
MDHZU3




*AA@) +D:(JJ-$YP40FLQ&8C$UDP1B-@CO+80*\
R(J:1BD
8'(

%
Y1 6/
LS'



0=ARP86)QI))@&*.$

M&&S1H!MSA(D[-C?WP3Y\QN&O]WE68A81/=SCE]/$5-


M










MB=
/6?I;D.#?)FGT

B5:JH





5.34P[E(B0RF^:
5

Y6OE



MGT(&F-^N&$OX(4.GG3S@KJVCM@QS?(MK7Z+'])HEL2;.&49Y19Y]4:#G/.

GRS+!QF&34F&'X9(:P+TP28DD#*+H



M46 +FYLXC4M\&[_@:)Z6!#:MF3$IEP65_N/P7]G^30)M4RQZH%IZFR[;LV
M2)UMKNZ=D(=CYG/=TA8N61.H:P-5C:#'/6+-(-;.:==0/\9/S]=T6EWE080W

;)5!!D:=.#5$]U*J=LH2.43!*96QW19EM<Z:
M/F5K@)1Y ;

MLQ(6?VJ-43?6IUU2-?F3Y4



*IR+X++NJC/M^@DT6)55J==/:H.RX2C@L?28.
MBAZ-I& 

H[#&)9CTQ2W%<04)ED=HE'7/HQ)/2'?GH;5MY3S$I202=
M34I*H.VD))3R3@0MM#$+J&A7#]'-PF0 3[,X$<HZKP8N@\M5 Q\+PB$!IVT
&D(Q=RF1Y"[
MW$B\# PBR(%QV9+0_Q=LMO^.;IV-?E,^[Z&,4[P)%&D69)+.BQ:*H7(%X=B
M

MB[R
NY0K$GA=HI61 (Q1EZ#BDJH0
53)G7P%49+))GV(\YWJT)

M5@IC1AC+8/%K0R8'&*)Q]MLZ6 WT6 B?L/UO$W=_E=^_H/99!_VDXS5; 2

GA=@Y




*F=0 5
*(




MELL792
I]YLV'$1^WZ85 402$2[%[@WQBFM9CXQXV 1)TI2\E?9L).66$4*(
M0T8

IMA43:+4.4D(=

00P))-0%02@/&XWSTF


M(83%A?0_/
-Q$$0SK
M;-!R+1*++U72/_ G3H





L.

2X(T-DL1T@$G=/%SEHGCF\+!CKH@'(Y?-:W%U
MW!ZXS[,MSLO]/4%;DA4G76UNZ5ZHW$51J[@DE GX/JE4\F(90!R3*Y&Y0)M
D0G\@7.D

J


M'[R0LP$B!Y0C#VFT;^/@
4[B
F:S) NL?

M(V3%HFNB!8#=3\M

)
M.:O

MKZ:2F:K30&^+S@SBO WTP)#. BRWL;C#J
Q0V)2+.M'T--DPHB\^XVB5M;6I


PK(
?'HW9=XPY*S=2]L_%PS+)2 RD]1&T6TI<HKQHCG^0ED//180B,H<^D
M4_(7FF3B)ZDUP+#0*:



^Y/)@2&4




M48\TW5^V1B$3.I$OW


MYKNW[';BG_[(DFI?_/'-^PL4TX+V$?L\ZVZR'3

M8!L3Y^_G(
^#E

MS[4N#'

G?4-FIMV;5H8'S9J0)9DZU@LO-J^K




 '$U)F





M?4U%?H_HTT!9I9RE0$S3799FP_[4]-9X9@9Z;G/M&'9CF&A'HP3&7)DBY3PW
MFDH%Q14-OT5?U]









MC
98&VL[K1UJUZ5!!5$S53 


MPFWJIZIJ34$58!@6T[N


M/3@2E9X7/1+;EIRG!CZLJQQ%[9KQ/N^\'KOJ)C2J6F0S5%_5Q.)X9SI+A7(
MHBL; L!S@XX:T%S1G26ZZ$?1O*C6'.)9][+45#]_CR=?0F?4CJ/:[R(
*;

4]2TP[C9MG0LZ_LZ9HJ*.!V@
ZIKPQTRS

M]?[2FH&9TOV*)


J$Q5)T*RO].H^



^(DPU=60LGMHQF

(^@






=D[&NPM*Q]'2^I

#P1^0G
'G]H*/
M1&]@QOD(?3@DYYN/-]E';4W_P1JO!/ZO5E@SI-MH^!I7_R7..:VAU7GH18'+



P

M!-&0:U&M!95?H^T#\W=PK.?9_(F[H;%]0Z4S

M+:@DDT
UGUI9ZJ+0
*#A%#RK4]0=2#:!MG_&2;NDIQVGIQ[,KR6!Q8B(U/
M&M;;EL)03 
E_Z0;=T#/M48#.
5&




]=V:O#*K P2U2&(-6[1Q6#N&N+7
MNX)=Y/E]/^BU;0DTD6E04'&

*W0





CK.R5#0$@MD%'#0BN: 6
_3T8NL7*_F9^-[F;'GEE




M'D. ]87M@



 7*
8AK4YQ]$
MZ#=:










H)3B+H;'I3 FTG-Z&4=XIHH8U)
Z=




M






MYG#?70JRMX?.R7@??0TP?JA7J^HV*Q 3LR

ME Y8+MW
/J0!M_E&;#LV3#EBJNV=@ =#YH-*Z3TGLC2;SI9 =K49\K3
V3W$

7

_NL3(1.B*\37.U;'(=-54
3%8CVZ

M!WP8CRV3!D



M=5QL
_(.+-:W6?IT&[_@R



L\T6IT65


J7#S2IE#8




\


.
#52!

M4K1MEWK7I4U5O7/K
+S\%G77 *I:0&T3


M@%6
M<-89C=?H1)7<.&G?9KTECJU1QG:3;JQ@O

9FGNL9IPF#1Z*BU


KG&^N\:/MGK-I

M;!.H6'+:MCD_W#ZLTV*.V[4%D.L'=4#%^:AM$5=B](W_:O6HE/TJC7_8\X
MH

MQTV]-PQMZO914*)UF\7J5!M N\TFR/?$?V0G%/.TEW.+-RE[@PB3US7H;BOI






])

*A/K\'3

K51+@FRR_KDN.
M-(94


RJ2=%IQ50QY4

\ BK)_%M+


A^-[9B(M@M0/=
M_Q+&^ H0\3L-E0BB

BQ GY69SMBBM
7






M2@&H
3E



O&==UG14K.*#*BKP(OJ(Y
&8%P.0G(6I18]V




-?RM5GG+S@CUE:/AO

MI59G-^YM;%6:%^A.'1;F^^C+[28'&5+G_0'4.?55[LB3G%1L./T*DW:-2[
M/-Y6E=B;8_996L:E[ ZI;2



M'T[;8 /'?VPVDZ;9YC%.V:;_E/0QCEA%^RQ=Y4%:K#%QEJ.WFOTHLR9\;!':
M=$ZT06BB#X;&!X#F;I+O:$K3 J

M.EXC[_\F2]FD=A_DB_RAI/LF;#8C$QOKFFCP#=3@Q?G;@.82[C-=5%!EM UR



4]((S




AJ ? K
MQY+X


M]NN/&JZ8*#A; QD!;U=#2FGOELD8(I^PC^E43JN /$ 


([ 
FD4UEMQA)X8OR
A]4Y9%4WBH*ZK=E[_RDBW

MF3@


M]QORLK^Q85#HS%397S2.KD-R8R+3A$92*]1GL#4U[$^%/@[O*^?&Z!EP.O[H

%
M1)\.2JE*


9(Q/#6)7TG2WU&*91TGA91



<-T4_^N-==+7\:O;?T+O[=-ACW7;^WP=\_^

M;-]8U6
\V1LK^M%_S3=6T5/NNBH1O:2RJ(VW6H(YUSCXH2RJY]#+ATIZE\=I

M*T@9Y*7]4
CB6]A;S%+KHZ!$C_@I3M


MS] X!;)?-8QPKPA=QC36K.4=.U66';M:Z/N[B6#0+?G%!(6R=VMT*&*^3$MK
M9+1%Z9R-VH$7GMU:BI(\ML.N.\L



@:CHYFOA/C


M *


KP:^S?!JWU] [F=UT_5@





M?J-=A_JT
]/T;JH/@LM?HHEV53D.5IRCDT?X_T;#LGT7_OBI)N=Q2K;!)%
M



4/6RS

AQL4MMBJIZGRW
R(G


)T6(+X90A6S#W?L(Q[6YD0S%(UQ

*SJHM/ EI);(N
M#8
2;M\6 6]$\0$'5?ZKI%%2?/NP]EFI5Y67&W035):-YH)=Y4C M:T2_)


K
Z?J
M*T#K?+^D;F3OZ4Q#W*7]=)?G6%R#7*T!+SC'$_G[53?HRTU-I6A2;+TZ9*N

9-P%D;D?%?)Q\SP9[N\Y#L/%[WX!M]Q[8%661DD

CS


M3 IS73V




M3'Z0.
7US]QCTLVT#)Z$%U

MVU;G9-6#5CADPUZ%@ =?=-17SH;Z_J0B(558
C1P+NWG@1L.XM[W\+8VQ%




DB3[3!
W%C]XR]57E+2R(P

MAH2P2J2HRH4=P
6^'@ J\MTPK?1V%D3DD-KQ$%!N]9LXC4M\&[_0TE\EZ0*M


M0&='1Q &C12BTD;:!MW0AZW*.O=P4;
MV-_W[H
&;5L^
Q$_9TE$EJBS?^XD$4B\E.
5M-;BB\%Q1KXG^F\HPNLXC(&X
MNI

M+*L#ETD:3=K3%M'23R'LKH: #G!73D FZ9T:1O#X%)Q%\0-B6JA68P=DG:*O





[CB/N+'$2E#A:


51







21_0+
@$-/^A)5B'J
M8R]B]B5
=A'+&!NRJB#+H






M] B:^
J+]2KX(B*
6@


5/

0
X:N<




M[V$\O8%O6U&


M



MH
=:0.;RP[RH;74SF17G;;T%HYVL\B%-N
9.GBDO6K$$MB;P


BISV
M59Z,5/#82J^R3+,JS[UES'OY7;:KLH91)%+( )1OF65$A!==G3UV220'H!%



RCI(F<%TOHBK$@ ?0<.+N?)D91WU
MO*@K[P! WXN\N*M.O
10^NRJP/M6TDW[_*1WHJR?]AGY5]@_\JMU61MZBU

H?IN+Y]





570G$/* I&-%D(L8:E^Z!#



M$B80]^D+PV


M&
HAH$WG5[HU)





!UJ:.T/;A70 %VAR$P!L)



M
$4B2(2#HW()2X*1) CL^[BN* FN,@$*^@$CG_%AR #3AV6AEOQPK\&]]?
MPF911G&JBY_C:0(620J'PL90I+09


+O;[K(!QA+-89@

OW
UWFHR1H/ ;@!:L?AEM5H Y]3%?Y. ND4\+Q
M I1*YJ6&TDE'TYKT65 5L  '7BEO
O7[]39=.D0,&X*K$''?S:$G8R;0DI






M9Z'@) D%IU(F7;T6O\PZK[%ACSJ@-[F( NZ):6*;I+=&.AML-BWSR=;X.;
U





PQ#972
M=I(



=95:(Y

!T(I



404
M=D=SZJD;)@3L

3M
@H1PR4&WBKTJRJ.(\=T9O/@53K6&?J<*I7[/%O?J[

5AF7^E
M3
D@7] +@\&Q[G9X+AB-^1VKB7=0L?D]/




M6/F8^1-B^Y[MN.2$V)E?V?[6\S739M[*UIA.
QDVGZL%;-L]4$I\XPD(A)$I\O3]2C'I&LS)E\215^7!911-EPM)F?
MC2&LFD^GIO4J:Y(.4)O%^X)W024)!;%4J
5?8UQ;#/2ECJ0JJI(;/%DH-]AC
M$.F2Y+^4_FA%@B
3PI!$(16*!H[U[+@Q.R@3086MSAO8=(:WRI2/BEB
=;VT




MG@$'P]M^NI1B-9TAW]MXWL;+J0X\UFEZ%
M/H4-/&2?J6

MCA4#!R;\PJ =
QV*WIF*9U_8UWB&QXL )V#;I:';IWHMCU_! 



M_21YM

/)Q/3

M4*P)?*G@QRYY!@*8ZP2%\-(FK?
@Y/ &'XCJ=V6Y^_'2]JKSX
-[)\+)K4+=








1
M-Q)Q(Q%CEXB%4@Q SH7VKXOTJL8/)#+I(?WWKECLO
F*G?WAA]YP-II\
BA5
MOL[Y.#-((1%!)PP232WE2@ 4C6)1=II!,M&L&P$RT:PQY8%EPJ '%2W*LN




.1?NIT4%5?;+.X;+:]IHP%.V\DB&






C'AM
'0WWM;:O
MP&SOC36EL:8TUI3&FM)84QIKN\LIC+1R?,L$[Z4;D*0]3%DJ+
%2S2Y'KC

MB3R(QTW.=IOS&^^
'A_[
V:7GL;VY\XH3LG6&QK.QR:@3
5M7'$8#/IJ+2T%


)(E_.#3G49U$9L$

LSM[%F-];L



WKM=6L!LMA+6?#_\MEBISD;W3I\?']N03RT
]
M[3\


_;\-2IYY@N6RIZ@/!LFGEM*G
M'(A&_L0B%#7R9R-_-O)G(W]BES_OK- )1XO

'#@R?
M0C):]
+(65
B!7=IMAT0DQOCH!03B(/Y'2M


MKH

7N$ NSU_H:J/$\9!9Z'&2OM
M 71O%T%R 



A
MD@JBOE3

MMKFI:_6

MT;F3*_P\Z0W:


CP;I+GDOX(4%'


9Y.+
M\S1_G6YBSJ9[.D7-(['8AIV/J/Y/SX; \99Q)OT2;TY5?









\%(H



1X+E[B/=,SP^9ANA-P(735HK&_^@HESRM6Y &W/XF&N%WX9:.&V]
MICC:<$W!$RW(3!O\MLV26MEXB-A2;R]N1.R&


*60$;^9I:1 B)Q


M^+5\30'#TKRI8#'TXP]#:K+6J=*#(TZIR5K79*UKLM9]
RFW$&:K
Y%R2QDH

-C-N@2C!X&)*M/+W(WD.
MG8BP[_&7


MO=^RHO_#:-3]V!\






M35! RR=B!;




?KBD7D[8NEX^


.
M.]N 

^HL.G3K

M^)3B-
KIQ-WXL(Y5HTWK*ZP%I+^FQ(*P[D%01!O<WK3J67)VG
M-9


MJ*@M#G#4EZ0 .
U)$R/?_KSR73JVN')(44/3CO/\U7):BX5'8E
GY%*.%.\;

7A0IDK.

W
HX(H_:03%P;P-I8V


_!^)W$C18W-OYXK
QO

M;

MUFQ+
PX1\CR7O@FAQ#MVM%_$[2]6
(\+T-[[P8(XT5;X!E_!T*9=K\Y9%54P
M%8FQD4D;HT6'2@D.

M)
Y]W3B)IVR73EW@%0#J;$RBJ1Q0#E_P 0E#S*!841DTN#!X3<A@
M[9B]6_J:S&MOS+WZ+%S$U

MM-UAEI(IBC=C'I%R XF\)X9WREJ^&4-!:=Z


W\



Y4& 

MW&1R':\]#CA$TLBM[CACE1[/T@)!%0N7;&LP:(E\AIQ!.'2FW!9:_?NX&R



]O1M%7;FS.0/\;EX2-1*/?//V9]Z%G'


G!=!45I]!L
MLZVVC








=


.V1(

MUTK0PO
RU\ITQD\=2SA]N'+8HNGV:MMVL&5/CTGXJA *3EO3Z3]U R)D$8ZK




MZ22G;R)#[N\'
A?M=GG7VE1- +


/6Y_ZOS1Z_S9&D]&LUYGUA\-V8\/D_9C



M+\12U=1/R$1B^^G]:TN71SK6!F;P^2EK\.G]\ZD_^]2:3=K#:3NV]TPKL_%4
ML^(24@7FGWW#;#L
)H9Z67LXC&R


.)T
NVHIHB1D'1
&'7*8

M
.J6P8C32JC:?-85P1)2#L.D;$I5?K?&P%IS:FNUWZ+V)13F4
9/*$2+93
M(0M'$'=Z7C)AKZ@M#G#4EZ0 .+TZYZ


M_5/CM/T-.&U?.@NFOM
*3QK
)E]@Z1-)EB_PYR9?8)
O\%O(%ZCOG&P2!I9+
M&/A.F]-NDS'PK]

M;TZO-#6$3SK6**X&Q(+Z8]WQUVO?*WE=@SKC3]2H0LV9N/)&YLB%7Y)SN9
M]N0L@_+U7L\Y(F5W

@JN%E/0E2SN9=JWMSRZ5WD9Q_0EZS8=-I]0
M/*$Z?^#8T5XF:7^Q@OF01*/%O1\LB


M@GC6E02A9&A,)NW.E7%14V;[I#(_SB5E&C7L3R;L+3^G$T([0Q%TD-$Q@O

5@W@M*E2M8TL2O-ZZ_


MY3V2N6/[8G[FFADW5P#YR:%/$SL[J\ )(W^S(L&4T.9+$H@O)7Y[XR8 X!TE


M:06 P!BC*QGM.O9?*04.L*]QW^4*

\1R1XB1WJ


MBOG0H

R4XSM.(95-6U8_Q
I^G




NT?!
%(8!H,V6R_#0CD^-V8&E KKY<P,81E$*#_RG*?
M_NK(^0?B+P-KLW)LR^58$FA[0?






;Y@1WTG=
M_F7]3(N3I1!@)IE3?V#/SAT#GW/+KD*TEU-YS+0MQ#R#+K:M:\ LRG




M C5Y8/U)I2@A)]
-3.O.


M&2=JY)W
5&8V5J0QEC7&LL98UAC+&F-98RQKC&6-L:PQEC7&LL98UAC+&F
9
M)LM+8RR[H+&
3\'!(B0-/)-WJ


B&X#0W?L27@ /KUM#@3V:^QDIE#F5G



MH?C5.!2%Y%5Z.2%X%)+D)_M)^CJ$HYSYE;P3#;?

M'Q@MVO0
\9;Q%






]PT(L)UW
B_N$L5UWF.D
ECCE96\%GX;G(;V[Z);/D

&1) [D8A*''?4-/+MS_TPW))Y=QLX
MWG)


\TNU'H@^6NZ4Z:OQI




A$S6FTA

AOY9%
WSVE



G'RLN60Z*N

M5?F2WE0?I'
-SJ0YZ]2Q@-A- 0H\F]9)K[JXFD)HUW0)7L()P*!W)_CEOZ;Y
MF36D/C?OZEE9ZG
T

.3VZMP
!?L!V+\V]0+4&'(%)R!^



M)W
1Y30W;NF3K3
Q*A@-W@/?6T8D6'?)
^ L*VZ-9




M#O0EJSE;


9Y[0GE



N^9C$24D:U*D1X&S=#S+
MC0MVLTA!#IOC?*#%;4W[0\)[H6$:K-2!%L[BD]0BB?71'':R+3+(S#02%I
M. X/3@7Z1

5$OJ;_Q]0
M2P$% ,4     #%BX]2='=2.IYK 0N5@\ $0              @ $
M:V=K9RTR,#(P,3(S,2YX;6Q02P$% 

4

C Q
M
C

M        @ '\0 ( :V=K9RTR
#(P
3(S

*B@$  .^4 @    $!
end



