

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-21-082813
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210316
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Laird Superfood
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001650696
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				474373641
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39537
		FILM NUMBER:		21745843
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 W. LUNDGREN MILL DR.
		CITY:			SISTERS
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97759
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(541) 548-0577
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 W. LUNDGREN MILL DR.
		CITY:			SISTERS
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97759
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Laird Superfood
 LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150811













 


WASHINGTON
 DC 20549 






ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended&nbsp;December 31
 2020 




TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934




Laird Superfood
 Inc. 
















275 W. Lundgren Mill Drive
 Sisters
 Oregon 97759 
(Address of principal executive offices
 including Zip Code) 
Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code: 













on which
registered







Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746; 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant: (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and
(2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;

 (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148;
&#147;accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;smaller reporting company
&#148; and &#147;emerging growth company&#148; in Rule 












































If an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744; 

its internal control over financial reporting under Section&nbsp;404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744; 
 of the
The aggregate market value of the
 of the registrant
 based on the closing price of a share of the registrant&#146;s common stock on December&nbsp;31
 2020 as reported by the NYSE American on such date
 was
approximately $291.1&nbsp;million. The registrant has elected to use December&nbsp;31
 2020
 which was the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed fiscal year
 as the calculation date because on June&nbsp;30
 2020 (the
last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the registrant was a privately-held company. Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each other person who may be deemed to
be an affiliate of the registrant
 have been excluded from this computation. The determination of affiliate status for this purpose is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

 2021 the registrant had&nbsp;8
895
352&nbsp;shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value per share
 outstanding. 


 where indicated. Such Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant&#146;s fiscal
year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. 






 






























































Item 5. Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











Item 7. Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations





Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk











Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure























Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance











Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters





Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


















Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules






Summary











 





 
 contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. Forward-looking statements convey our current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on numerous assumptions that we believe are reasonable
 but they are open to a
wide range of uncertainties and business risks. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Any statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
 that are not statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. When we use the words &#147;intends
&#148; &#147;estimates
&#148; &#147;predicts
&#148; &#147;potential
&#148;
&#147;continues
&#148; &#147;anticipates
&#148; &#147;plans
&#148; &#147;expects
&#148; &#147;believes
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;seeks
&#148; or the negative of these terms or other
comparable terminology
Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
 which
may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Key factors that could cause actual results to be different than expected or anticipated include
 but
are not limited to: 



















our ability to manage our growth and scale our manufacturing and processing capabilities effectively
 including
our human resource requirements; 


























our ability to evaluate and measure our business
 prospects and performance metrics; 



























our reliance on key personnel
 including Laird Hamilton and Gabrielle Reece; 


























the other risks described herein
 including under Part I
 Item 1A &#147;Risk Factors.&#148;
In light of these risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements
 You should read this Annual Report on Form
 and the documents that we reference in this report with the understanding that our actual future results
 levels of activity
 performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect.
When considering forward-looking statements
 you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this report. We qualify all our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. We are not under any obligation
 and we expressly disclaim
any obligation
 to update or alter any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
 except as required by law. 
 





 

stock. These risks include
 but are not limited to
 the following: 





we have incurred significant losses since our inception and there is no assurance of profitability;






we have a limited operating history which may make it difficult to assess our future viability;






our exposure to the risk of food regulation
 safety and quality issues
 and associated regulatory and legal
action from consumers
 third-parties
 or regulators; 





we may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all or manage any future
growth effectively; 












our products are new
 and our industry is rapidly evolving
 and our current or future products may fail or
achieve only minimal market acceptance; 





our product categories face a high level of competition
 including from more established and larger companies;






we are subject to the risks associated with conducting business operations outside of the U.S.
 including changes
in foreign currency exchange rates and the inability to enforce our intellectual property rights outside of the U.S.; 





we rely on a small number of suppliers
 a majority of which are located outside of the U.S.
 to provide our raw
materials
 and our supply chain may be interrupted and prevent us from obtaining the necessary materials we need to operate; 





our business may be harmed by fluctuations in the availability of raw materials and other inputs
 including
related currency fluctuations
 and we may face increased costs for raw materials and other inputs; 





we rely on key management personnel and the reputation of our founders for the success of our business;






the erosion of the reputation of our brand or one or more of our leading products could negatively impact our
sales and results of operations; 





our continued success depends on our ability to innovate on a cost-effective basis
 predict changes in consumer
preferences and develop successful new products and marketing strategies in response; 





consumer preferences for natural and organic food products are difficult to predict and may change;






any change in the prominence of our website in either paid or algorithmic search result listings or an increase
in purchasing digital ads could cause the number of visitors to our website and our revenue to decline; 





we may be unable to adequately protect our brand and our other intellectual property rights;






we may be subject to claims that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential
information or misappropriated trade secrets; 





technology failures or security breaches could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business;













 pandemic could adversely affect our business;






we operate in a small rural community and may face labor shortages or increased labor costs;

 










our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud;






we face risks associated with being a public company
 including increased costs and litigation risks;






we are an &#147;emerging growth company&#148; and our reliance on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements
that are applicable to other public companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors; 





our governing documents and Delaware law could discourage a takeover that shareholders may consider favorable;






our management owns a significant portion of our common stock which could limit or restrict our other
shareholders&#146; ability to influence corporate matters; 





the market price for our common stock has been
 and may continue to be
 highly volatile; 













our certificate of incorporation limits the forums for disputes between us and our shareholders
 which could
limit our shareholders&#146; ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors
 officers
 or employees. 

 Item 1A &#147;Risk
 If we are unable to adequately address these and other risks we face
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects may be adversely
affected. 
 





 

Laird Superfood is an emerging
consumer products platform focused on manufacturing and marketing highly differentiated plant-based and functional foods. The core pillars of the Laird Superfood platform are currently Superfood Creamer coffee creamers
 Hydrate hydration products
and beverage enhancing supplements
 and roasted and instant coffees
 teas and hot chocolate. Over time
 Laird Superfood plans to grow revenues by further penetrating the multi-billion-dollar market opportunity presented by our current product lines
As a result of
growing consumer demand for Laird Superfood products and the continued expansion of our omnichannel distribution strategy
 our net sales grew to $26&nbsp;million in 2020 from $568&nbsp;thousand in 2016. We operate in one operating segment and one
reportable segment: Laird Superfood
 Inc. 

specifically focused on the U.S. Natural
 of the food and beverage market. According to the Nutrition Business Journal
 in 2020
 U.S. Natural
 Organic and
Functional Food and Beverages sales were approximately $174&nbsp;billion and grew 10% from the prior year. Further
 according to the Nutrition Business Journal
 during the same period
 third-party and direct
 sales represented two of the four fastest growing channels for U.S. Natural
 Organic and Functional Food and Beverages sales. 

products
 as well as those containing significant amounts of highly processed and artificial ingredients. There is also increasing recognition of the environmental impact of animal-based products. Per the Plant-Based Foods Association
 U.S. retail
sales of plant-based foods increased 11% from 2019 to 2020
 reaching a market value of $5&nbsp;billion
 compared to increases of 2% in the general grocery category. 

ingredients
 nutritional density and functionality. 

 sustainable competitive advantages. 


 Laird Superfood is highly focused on maximizing revenue growth by further penetrating the
multi-billion-dollar market opportunity presented by our current product lines. However
 we believe the larger long-term opportunity lies in building Laird Superfood into a unique platform within the natural foods industry
 which is currently
dominated by single-product companies. The core tenets of this platform approach are strengthening our authentic and trusted brand name
 growing our expansive omnichannel distribution strategy and the introduction of a constant flow of new products
that align with our core ethos. This platform provides opportunities for continual expansion of our total addressable market (&#147;TAM&#148;) to allow long-duration growth
 sustained differentiation of our brand
 product diversification and
leveraging our core strengths and operating costs to increase profit margins. 
 





 

products industry. Since inception
 Laird Superfood has invested heavily in building a trusted brand that consumers immediately identify as authentic
 plant-based
 nutrient-dense and functional. Along with more traditional methods of brand-building
we have effectively harnessed the authentic lifestyle of Laird Hamilton and Gabrielle Reece
 both of whom have well-earned reputations for being on the cutting edge of fitness and nutrition. Our goal is to make Laird Superfood the choice for
customers searching for nutrient dense
 functional foods at a reasonable price. Our target market extends well beyond elite athletes into the mass market due to our recognition that Laird Superfood products must not only be natural
 functional and
nutrient-dense
Balanced and Highly Differentiated Omnichannel
Our highly differentiated omnichannel distribution strategy has three key components: online
 wholesale and
food service. In aggregate
 this omnichannel strategy provides us with a diverse set of customers and wholesale partners
 leading to a larger TAM opportunity than is normally available to products available primarily in grocery stores
 along with an

 along with a trusted brand name
 extensive proprietary distribution is a critical long-term and sustainable barrier to entry in the food
industry. 


 in the world. Laird Superfood&#146;s
strategy is to maximize penetration of this opportunity through a variety of avenues
 including growing brand trust and recognition
 significantly expanding our grocery distribution footprint to multiples of our current level of approximately 7
100
retail doors
 driving shelf velocity through an acceleration of online and offline advertising and introducing new products to expand our store footprint. 
Exposure to Plant-Based
 Functional and Natural Foods Portions of Grocery Market 

 there is an ongoing secular shift from highly processed legacy brands that demonstrate little nutritional benefit
to natural
 nutrient-dense
 functional and plant-based alternatives. We expect the shift in consumer tastes driving the growth of natural and plant-based alternatives will continue throughout the foreseeable future as consumers become better
educated on nutrition and focus on the health and wellness of themselves
 their families and the environment. An increasing number of natural and plant-based products are moving beyond the natural and specialty stores and into conventional grocery
Business
Because the consumption of coffee
 creamers
 and hydration products is a
daily ritual for many consumers
 there is a natural and frequent repeat usage of Laird Superfood products among large portions of our customer base. For this reason
 Laird Superfood has always enjoyed a meaningful base of recurring revenues due to
repeat orders by its consumers and wholesale partners. Growing this base of recurring revenues is a strong focus of Laird Superfood as it evaluates new product development opportunities
 acquisitions and marketing strategies. 


 our products are marketed and sold through a diverse set of physical retail and online channels
 including grocery chains
 club
stores
 specialty and natural food outlets
 coffee shops
 juice bars
 gyms
 
 






restaurants
 hospitality venues
 corporate workplaces
. Maximizing potential distribution will be a key growth driver for Laird Superfood and our
goal is to expand distribution so that our products are available wherever our customers choose to shop
 whether it be a retail store
 food service environment or directly online. 


 hydration and beverage enhancing supplement
 and instant and roasted coffee categories represent a
multi-billion-dollar TAM. We believe penetrating these core markets with our differentiated product lines provides Laird Superfood with a large and long-duration growth opportunity. In the near-term
 Laird Superfood will focus on growing share
within these categories. 

differentiated products
 we intend to enhance our growth by launching new products over time. We are focused on creating products that conform to our uncompromising brand ethos of great taste
 high-quality ingredients
 nutritional density and
functionality. Additional criteria for new product development include the potential for broad commercial acceptance
 size of market opportunity
 regulatory compliance issues
 manufacturing process
 availability and cost of raw materials
 shelf-life
From a growth perspective
 ongoing new product launches are expected to continually
increase our TAM opportunity. Broadening our product line will also serve to diversify our revenue base and reduce exposure to potential competitive intensity in any one category. We expect all new products
 whether developed internally or sourced
externally
 will ultimately be branded Laird Superfood and they will expand Laird Superfood&#146;s opportunity to become part of our customer&#146;s daily ritual of food and beverage consumption. 


 Laird Superfood&#146;s revenues have been driven solely by organic growth
 and while we anticipate continued organic growth
 we
believe there will be opportunities to expand our TAM and diversify our revenue base through acquisitions. In this scenario
 nature and target highly fragmented
 under the Laird Superfood platform
 and would fit our ethos of great taste
 nutrition


Throughout our history
 Laird Superfood has maintained a disciplined
 data-driven and returns-based focus on the
deployment of marketing dollars to build our brand and acquire new customers. In our view
 marketing dollars must be deployed efficiently to sustain growth over the long-term and eventually move Laird Superfood towards profitability. We have placed
a strong focus on generating free and organic traffic for our website and social media channels
 expanding our proprietary database of customers
 growing subscriptions and acquiring customers from a wide variety of channels. These efforts are aimed
at structurally reducing our dependence on the least proprietary and most competitive sources of online customer acquisition. Social media channels
 in particular
 are useful for launching new products and introducing promotions
 as are the social
media presences of Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece
 and certain other influential persons who support the brand in their social media. We expect to remain disciplined in our customer acquisition efforts going forward and have plans to
significantly expand the number of channels through which we will attempt to find additional sources of 
 





 

 Laird Superfood has focused on building a vertically integrated business model. The core of this strategy is our highly
efficient manufacturing process
 which enables rapid expansion of production capacity
 provides fixed-cost leverage on increased volumes and optimizes our ability to control quality. We produce our powdered creamers and hydration products on
automated equipment. At this stage of revenue contribution
 our liquid creamers
 harvest snacks
 beverage enhancing supplements
 and whole bean and ground coffee. Based on our
current projections
 we believe our existing footprint will support $100&nbsp;million in annual gross sales of internally produced powdered products without a need for a material increase in capital expenditures. This provides us with substantial
In addition to manufacturing capabilities
we have internalized branding
 design
 packaging
 digital marketing
 customer service and data analytic capabilities
 along with finance
 legal
 research and development
 and human resource functions. Our broad
 capabilities and extensive manufacturing capacity are expected to enable significant fixed-cost leverage going forward in manufacturing
 as well as most other operating expense line items. 


 as these gross profit dollars can be used to invest
in growth initiatives to further differentiate our brand
 expand our revenue opportunity and increasingly cover fixed costs as we move toward profitability. 
Focus on Environmental
 Social and Governance (ESG) Best Practices 

 including customers
 employees
community
 shareholders and the broader environment. This philosophy of &#147;Ohana&#148; is particularly important to Laird Hamilton and Gabrielle Reece and permeates our culture. Laird Superfood is conscientious in its sourcing of raw materials
the carbon-benefits of facilitating plant-based alternatives
 the impact of our operations on the environment and our community and providing products that discourage the culture of 
Our authentic and
sustainably differentiated plant-based products become part of our customer&#146;s &#147;Daily Ritual&#148;
 providing energy and hydration throughout the day
 presenting the opportunity to expand a portfolio of plant-based products. As part of our
 &#147;Daily Ritual&#148;
 the product categories we have focused on to date are powdered and liquid coffee creamers
hydration and beverage enhancing supplements
 and coffee
 tea and hot chocolate products
 and recent expansion into snack products with the Harvest line of pili nuts and medjool dates. 
 





 























Years Ended December&nbsp;31





























433









330











887









022







Coffee
 tea
 and hot chocolate products



961









930

















































957









754































199









115

























Sales
 net



006









103
























Liquid coffee creamers represented 5% of our gross sales in 2020. Liquid coffee creamers became available for
sale in April 2020 and therefore did not represent any of our 2019 sales results. Hydration and beverage enhancing supplements include sales of Hydrate coconut waters and our full Activate and Renew supplement line. Coffee
 tea
 and hot chocolate
products include traditional and functional ground and whole bean coffee
 Hot Chocolate with Functional Mushrooms
 coffee and
tea products. Other products include Harvest snacks and miscellaneous branded goods
 such as coffee mugs
 thermoses


Laird Superfood
is part of the $4&nbsp;billion coffee creamer market with its cornerstone portfolio of Superfood Creamers. According to Information Resources
 Inc. (IRI)
 the creamer category grew 13% in 2020
 while Laird Superfood&#146;s creamer business grew 98%
In July 2015
 we introduced the Original Laird Superfood Creamer and since that time have introduced several additional flavors.
In April 2020
 Laird Superfood entered the liquid creamer market
Laird Superfood sells eight SKUs
of powdered coffee creamers and four SKUs of liquid coffee creamer. Sales of powdered coffee creamer represented 59% of our gross sales in 2020 and 68% of our gross sales in 2019. We expect to continue expanding our Superfood Creamer platform going
forward with additional flavors
 nutritional profiles
 and formulations based on consumer preferences and demand. Such products demonstrate attractive repeat usage and customer lifetime value characteristics. 

 limited ingredient
set
 and their inclusion of plant-based fats. All creamers include Aquamin
 a natural source of calcium and trace amounts of 72 other minerals
 and all liquid creamers are differentiated by functional mushroom extracts in their ingredient set.
Powdered creamers have the further appeal of shelf stability and 

Laird
Superfood&#146;s Superfood Creamer was originated in powdered form for convenience and sustainability. We have developed eight powdered SKUs: Original Superfood Creamer
 Unsweetened Superfood Creamer

 






Cacao Superfood Creamer
 Turmeric Superfood Creamer
 seasonal Pumpkin Spice Superfood Creamer
 seasonal Chocolate Mint Superfood Creamer
 Vanilla Superfood Creamer
 and Original Superfood Creamer
Powdered


 but we believe our powdered Superfood Creamers are expanding that segment and competing for customers who historically have
purchased liquid coffee creamers. 

 delicious and functional ingredients. Liquid creamers provide
the added benefits of being on the perimeter refrigerated shelf space
We have developed four
liquid SKUs: Original with Functional Mushrooms
 Unsweetened with Functional Mushrooms
 Vanilla with Functional Mushrooms
 and Turmeric with Functional Mushrooms. 


 our Activate Platform
(two SKUs)
 our Performance Mushroom supplement (one SKU)
 and our Renew Plant-Based Protein (one SKU). These products represented 13% of our gross sales in 2020 and 5% of our gross sales in 2019. 

sugars
 packaged sports drinks and coconut waters. Hydrate is also
environmentally friendly due to its powdered form
 avoiding single use plastics. The main benefits of our beverage enhancing supplements are a plant-based
 less processed and recognizable ingredients set. 
We currently produce four SKUs
of our powdered coconut water Hydrate platform: Original Hydrate
 Pineapple Mango Hydrate
 Matcha Hydrate
In
our Hydrate products
 we focus on price per serving
 emphasizing value in our products compared to 
Our
beverage enhancing supplement line is currently four SKUs: Performance Mushrooms
 Activate Daily Jumpstart
 Activate Prebiotic Daily Greens
 and Renew Plant-Based Protein. 

our supplements portfolio and will continue to expand the breadth of our Activate
 Renew and Mushroom offerings over the course of the next several years. 
Coffee
 Tea
 and Hot Chocolate Products 

 with its superfood
creamer
 line InstaFuel products: Original InstaFuel (coffee with Original Superfood

 






Creamer)
 Unsweetened InstaFuel (coffee with Unsweetened Superfood Creamer)
 Matcha InstaFuel (green tea and Original Superfood Creamer)
 and Chai InstaFuel (black tea and Original Superfood
We currently self-manufacture all our InstaFuel
and Hot Chocolate products to maximize long-term margin and control quality. 

with functional mushrooms is a point of differentiation in the coffee segment. We currently sell nine whole and ground roasts. Ground and whole bean coffee products represented 9% of our gross sales in 2020 and 5% of our gross sales in 2019. 

 and are a hand-picked
 high altitude
 shade grown variety selected for their low acidity. 
Pili Nuts and Harvest
Laird Superfood started selling four SKUs of high-quality
 naturally sourced
 functional snack products including Pili Nuts and
Harvest Dates in Q4 2020. We have developed three Pili Nut SKUs
 including Himalayan Salt Pili Nuts
 Matcha Pili Nuts
 and Cacao Pili Nuts
 and one SKU of Original Harvest Dates. 
All Laird
Superfood products are focused on providing nutrient dense and functional alternatives in multi-billion-dollar market categories
 such as coffee creamers and sports drinks. Laird Superfood products are also designed to become part of an
The majority of our business is currently conducted online
 and we expect
 months of cohort data on all customers
that have ordered through our direct website. We view this data as indicative of expected customer usage patterns across all channels on the basis of historic trend analysis. 

up&nbsp;30% and 32% of our direct online net sales
 respectively. In addition to subscriptions
has a high percentage of repeat users. In both 2020 and 2019
came from
either subscribers or repeat users. These dynamics create meaningful recurring revenues and the combination of repeat usage
 order frequency and retention rates informs our views on strategic marketing spend and customer unit economics. 
We generate
revenue through three channels: online
 wholesale
 and food service. Our customers and distribution channels include our online business through our website
 
 our wholesale sales to distributors and
retailers in channels such as specialty
 conventional grocery
 mass market retail and drug retail and food service customers. 
 





 























Years Ended December&nbsp;31





























501









646











996









295













































Sales
 net



006









103


























 sells all of our SKUs with the exception of our refrigerated liquid Superfood
 allows for online-only sales of trial products
 prior to the investment necessary to launch in wholesale. 

 market and cross-sell new
For
sales through 
 we send products to Amazon
 and Amazon fulfills orders placed through its online marketplace from its fulfillment centers. Amazon charges us fulfillment fees for this service and may charge storage fees for certain
 accounted for 21% and 30% of our total net sales in 2020 and 2019
 respectively. 















Years Ended December&nbsp;31















964





692







537





954













Total Sales
 net



501





646














 as well as many 
retail channels. In 2020
 wholesale made up 42% of our net sales
 and in 2019
 wholesale made up 40% of our net sales. Laird Superfood products are sold through a diverse set of retail channels
 including conventional
 natural and specialty grocery
club
 outdoor and drug stores. We estimate our products are in over 7
100 retail door locations across the United States as of December&nbsp;31
 2020. 

 such as United Natural Foods
 Inc. and KeHE Distributors
distributing to clients such as Whole Foods
 Erewhon
 Sprouts
 and Safeway
 as well as direct wholesale sales to retailers across diverse channels
 such as Costco
 HEB
 Hyvee
 Natural Grocers
 CVS
 Kroger and REI. 

 the wholesale business represented $11&nbsp;million and $5&nbsp;million of net sales
 or 42% and 40% of our net sales
respectively. Our largest wholesale customer in 2020 and 2019 was Costco which represented 23% and 11% of our total net sales
 respectively. No other customer represented more than 10% of our total net sales in 2020 or 2019. 
 






 as of December&nbsp;31
 2020
 we have achieved an All Commodity Volume
(ACV) of 52% in the natural enhanced retailer channel
 up from 35% as of December&nbsp;31
 2019. In the conventional grocery channel
 we estimate we have achieved 11% of ACV. 
Our food service
business addresses a broad set of customers including local and regional coffee shops
 juice bars
 corporate offices
 hotels
 restaurants
 college campuses
 professional sports teams and gyms. In 2020 and 2019
 food service was 2% and 1% of our net
sales
Laird Superfood has worked with Bunn
 one of the largest coffee capital equipment manufacturers in the United
States
 to create the Laird Superfood Crescendo
 a plant-based latte machine that is a convenient solution for a variety of office
 gym
 restaurant
 and other food service environments. 
 machines
 our machines platform also includes our other
hot beverage machines (HBM)
 offering a convenient solution for office
 food service
 and coffee shop environments. As of December&nbsp;31
 2020
 34 HBMs were operating as an installed base
 with average sales per installed HBM per month of
Superfood Creamers and coffee of $128. Our HBM business is currently a small part of our business
 but we believe it has potential to become meaningful given strong usage dynamics. As of December&nbsp;31
 2020
 last twelve-month net sales to food
service customers were 2% of net sales
 and our machine platform represented less than 1% during the same period. 

 we do not believe our competition is our peer
better-for-you
 less processed creamer companies. We view our competition as the legacy products which are refined-sugar laden
 highly processed
 and have undecipherable
ingredient lists. We believe consumers want more transparency and understanding of what they are putting in their bodies
 and are seeking less-processed alternatives
 and we are driving those trends through a trusted
 authentic brand platform. 

 based on how we categorize our core products: 
Our creamer
products primarily compete within the $4&nbsp;billion domestic creamer market that
 according to IRI
 grew 13% in 2020 and includes products offered by Danone SA
 TreeHouse Foods Inc.
 Nestle SA and Dean Foods Co
 among others. 

 a limited ingredient set
 and a
differentiated energy profile due to the inclusion of plant-based fats. In addition to being coffee additives
 our powdered creamers are used by consumers in a variety of different applications
 such as smoothies and baked goods. 


drink market are Gatorade
 owned by PepsiCo
 and PowerAde
Hydrate also competes within the
$3&nbsp;billion coconut water market (360 Research Reports)
 which is highly fragmented relative to the sports drink market. 
 






limited ingredient set that contains none of the artificial sugars
 ingredients or colors that are prevalent in most competing sports drinks. Due to its convenient powdered form
 Hydrate also allows customers to adjust serving size based on
individual taste preference
 has a lower cost per serving than traditional sports drinks or coconut waters and is environmentally friendly due to its powdered form and elimination of 
Activate
 Renew and Performance Mushroom Supplements 

(Reportlinker.com). Activate Daily Jumpstart and Activate Prebiotic Daily Greens compete largely as an alternative to single-serve cold-pressed juices which frequently focus on similar ingredients (lemon cayenne mixes
 and superfood greens mixes)
Our Renew Plant-Based Protein line competes in the ready to drink protein powder market which is
 and
 drinks were anticipated to be the fastest in revenue growth in the segment. Renew is differentiated amid this market with a short
 understandable ingredient list. 

 which is highly fragmented with several peer companies. 



$15&nbsp;million according to Statista in 2020. The national hot chocolate market was $950&nbsp;million in the United States in 2020 according to IBISWorld. Due to being made with coconut sugar rather than refined sugars and inclusion of functional
mushrooms
Whole Bean and Ground Coffee
According to the Specialty Coffee Association of America
 the retail value of the U.S. coffee market is estimated to be
$89&nbsp;billion as of May 2020. We believe that our line of high quality Peruvian organic roasts
 as well as our more highly differentiated functional coffee blends
 incorporating functional mushroom extracts
 superfoods
 and botanical adaptogens
have natural synergies for many buyers of our creamer products
In 2020
 we
launched our functional coffee blends
 created to support consumers through the addition of plant-based ingredients including functional mushroom extracts
 superfoods
 and botanical adaptogens. These products are considered to be a differentiated
offering within the coffee category. 

substantial portions of its roasted coffee products from one supplier
 coconut milk powder from two suppliers
 and coconut water powder from one supplier. There are multiple sources of roasted coffee products
 coconut milk powder and coconut water
powder available to the Company
 and management believes that the Company could find suitable replacements for these suppliers on substantially similar terms. In addition
 the Company sources all of its Aquamin from a single supplier
 Stauber
Performance Ingredients. Raw materials are shipped to our production facility in Sisters
 Oregon where they are stored in our warehouse and production facility. For products we self-manufacture
 these raw materials are then mixed and

 






packaged into finished goods. Finished goods are then warehoused and shipped out of Sisters to both retail and wholesale customers
 as well as distributors across the country. A minority of our
 to our warehouse in Sisters where we then ship them to
Laird Superfood has a supplier code of conduct for the ethical sourcing of raw
materials from within and outside the United States
 which it provides to suppliers as part of its supplier-onboarding process. 

promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency (the &#147;EPA&#148;) and corresponding state agencies
 as well as the United States Department of Agriculture (the &#147;USDA&#148;)
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &#147;FDA&#148;)
 the
Federal Trade Commission (the &#147;FTC&#148;)
 the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)
 the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)
 the United States Department of Labor (DOL)
 and the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (&#147;OSHA&#148;). In addition
 the Federal Communications Commission (the &#147;FCC&#148;)
 monitors claims made by companies
 particularly with celebrity spokespeople. 


 manufacturing
 supplying
 processing
 marketing
 selling and distribution of organic food products and
 as
such
 are subject to certain organic quality assurance standards. The Organic Foods Production Act mandates that the USDA develop national standards for organically produced agricultural products to assure consumers that those products marketed as
organic meet consistent
 uniform standards. We currently manufacture and distribute a number of organic products that are subject to the standards set forth in the Organic Foods Production Act and the regulations adopted thereunder by the USDA
National Organic Program. Our organic products are certified organic by a USDA-accredited certifying agent
 and we believe that we are in material compliance with the organic regulations applicable to our business. 

 our organic products may be subject to various state regulations. Many states have adopted their own organic programs making the
state agency responsible for enforcing USDA regulations for organic operations. However
 state organic programs may also add more restrictive requirements due to specific environmental conditions or the necessity of production and handling practices
in the state. 

 we are also subject to a number of federal
 state and local food-related regulations
including
 but not limited to
 the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938 (the &#147;FDCA&#148;) and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory framework governs the manufacture (including composition and
ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging and safety of food in the U.S. The FDA: 





regulates manufacturing practices for foods through its current good manufacturing practices and regulations
affecting food manufacturing; 












prescribes the format and content of certain information required to appear on food product labels.

 





 

system. The law provides the FDA with new enforcement authorities and tools designed to achieve higher rates of compliance with prevention- and risk-based food safety standards and to better respond to and contain problems when they do occur. 

We are continuing to develop internal compliance policies and practices for those rules that have future compliance dates in order to ensure compliance by the required deadlines. 

that the foreign supplier of imported food is manufacturing the food in accordance with FDA requirements
 that the importer understand what hazards the foreign supplier is controlling and how those hazards are controlled
 and that this oversight
program is documented. The regulation is being implemented using a tiered series of compliance dates based on the size of the U.S. importer and the foreign supplier. We have developed a program that we believe is in compliance with this regulation
We are subject to numerous other federal
 state and local regulations involving such
matters as the licensing and registration of manufacturing facilities
 food safety systems
 transportation of food products
 record keeping
 enforcement by government health agencies of standards for our products
 inspection of our facilities and
regulation of our trade practices in connection with the sale of food products. 

Packaging and Labeling Act enacted in 1967 and corresponding FTC regulations. Although the FTC and FDA share jurisdiction over claims made by manufacturers of food products (with the USDA also having jurisdiction over &#147;organic&#148; claims)
The FDA and FTC require
that all food products be labeled to disclose the net contents
 the identity of commodity
 nutrition information
 and the name and place of business of the product&#146;s manufacturer
 packer
 or distributor. Both agencies also require that any
claim on the product be truthful and not misleading. The FDA also has detailed regulations and requirements governing various types of claims about products&#146; nutritional value and wellness benefits
 such as a nutrient content claims
 health
claims
 and structure-function claims. Claims falling under these regulations must be phrased in specific ways to avoid misbranding the food. We believe we are in compliance with applicable FDA claims regulations. 

 the California Safe Drinking
Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (commonly known as Proposition 65) requires
 with a few exceptions
 that a specific warning appear on any consumer product sold in California that contains a substance
 above certain levels
 listed by that
state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This law exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products. 
We are
also subject to various U.S. federal
 state and local environmental regulations. Some of the key environmental regulations in the U.S. include
 but are not limited to
 the following: 






Air quality regulations&#151;air quality is regulated by the EPA and certain city/state air pollution control
groups. We file emission reports annually. 
 










Waste treatment/disposal regulations&#151;solid waste is either disposed of by a third-party or
 in some cases
we have a permit to haul and apply the sludge to land. Agreements exist with local city sewer districts to treat waste at specified levels of Biological Oxygen Demand (&#147;BOD&#148;)
 Total Suspended Solids (&#147;TSS&#148;) and other
constituents. This can require weekly/monthly reporting as well as annual inspection. 





Sewer regulations&#151;we have agreements with the local city sewer districts to treat waste at specified limits
of BOD and TSS. This requires weekly/monthly reporting as well as annual inspection. 





Hazardous chemicals regulations&#151;we file various reports with local city/state emergency response agencies to
identify potential hazardous chemicals being used in our facilities. 





Storm water&#151;all our facilities are inspected annually and must comply with an approved storm water plan to
protect water supplies. 

 including our product offerings.
The FTC has interpreted the Federal Trade Commission Act (the &#147;FTC Act&#148;) to prohibit unfair or deceptive acts or practices in commerce and oversees express and implied claims in advertising as well as certain promotional activities such as
Our marketing
 advertising
 and promotional activities for our consumer
products must adhere to the FTC Act&#146;s requirement for truthful
 and adequately substantiated claims. If our advertising does not comply with FTC and similar State requirements
 we could
become subject to an investigation by FTC or a consent decree
Employee
We are subject to certain safety regulations
 including OSHA regulations. These regulations require us to
comply with certain manufacturing safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. We believe that we are in material compliance with all employee safety regulations applicable to our business. 
We have the right
to the following material trademarks: Laird Superfood
 Superfood Creamer and InstaFuel in the United States
 and Laird Superfood in several international jurisdictions
 including the European Union. 
As of
December&nbsp;31
 2020
 we had 145 full-time employees and five part-time employees. None of these employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our employee relations are good. 

 which begins with talent acquisition
focuses on robust onboarding and effective communication
 includes a dynamic performance management program
 utilizes engagement best practices
 and is rounded out by career development and succession planning across our organization. We
continuously strive to cultivate and support a highly engaged and productive workforce. 

recruiting efforts when appropriate. We have relationships with local and targeted 
 






colleges and universities to support our intern programs and for supplying key talent in areas like Food Science and Quality Assurance. We have also developed a partnership with our community
Onboarding and
In order to create a high-performing team
 we establish a firm foundation of business understanding through a robust
and cross-functional onboarding process. Every employee begins with a common understanding of our history
 vision
 mission
 values
 and goals and objectives
 and we train employees regarding fundamentals such as workplace and food safety and their
We actively seek opportunities for effective communication
 and our CEO each month communicates to all
 letter. Departments meet individually and cross-functionally in a variety of ways. Managers are trained to hold regular
 meetings to communicate on projects
 tasks
 feedback
 and development. Individuals are encouraged to communicate through both formal methods and our Open-Door
Our
engagement program is centered upon an annual engagement survey
 focus groups to further understand and act upon our employee feedback.
The focus groups allow us to drill down on employee feedback
 give voice to our workforce
 and create an annual action plan for increasing our engagement and productivity. 
We have
built a robust performance management program that seeks to combine best practices and innovation. Our program begins with goal setting at the company
 department
 and individual level. The program incorporates regular


Feedback Event ensuring performance is measured and enhanced not only by the manager&#146;s assessment but through peer feedback and feedback on management as well. Any time of the year
 employees can ask for or offer feedback transparently and
easily through a shared platform in support of our feedback-focused performance management culture. 

skill-building opportunities of our employees across all levels. We have a strong track record of internal growth and development with many examples of employees growing into new roles with increasing responsibility. We offer employees the
opportunity to participate in external leadership development programs in person or online
 as well through professional associations and conferences. Additionally
 we offer internal training on targeted competencies such as giving and receiving
feedback and effective goal setting. 

processes. A systematic and regular review of our internal talent is critical to meeting the future needs of our business. Our process allows us to both identify immediate and long-range succession planning to ensure our business can continue
operating at the highest level. 
 





 

time in establishing market competitiveness in 2020 and making adjustments where necessary with the goal of retaining top talent and ensuring equitable pay practices. We offer competitive benefits to ensure that our employees are provided for across
the full range of employee rewards. 

inclusion better positions us to understand our customers&#146; needs and to ultimately succeed in our vision of providing better food for a better world. Our senior leadership team is 50/50 male/female
 and our workforce is similarly gender diverse
with 55% male and 45% female. Throughout 2020 we partnered with youth special needs organizations to provide job opportunities
 career education
 and skills training in our facilities. Our hiring efforts include the employment of special needs
individuals. We continue to seek opportunities for building an inclusive culture that encourages
 supports
 and celebrates the diverse voices of our world. 
We were formed as
a limited liability company on June&nbsp;25
 2015 under the laws of the State of Oregon
 converted to a corporation under the laws of the State of Oregon on February&nbsp;18
 2016
 and converted to a corporation under the laws of the State of
Delaware on July&nbsp;3
 2018. Our principal executive offices are located at 275 W. Lundgren Mill Drive
 Sisters
. We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments
to those reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934



8-K

information available on or through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports
 proxy and information
statements
 and other information regarding our filings
. We have included our website address in this Annual Report as an inactive textual reference only. Information contained on
 or that can be accessed through
 our website
is not part of this Annual Report. You should not rely on any information contained or included on our website in making your decision whether to purchase our common stock. 
 





 
Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. Investors should carefully read the following factors as well as the cautionary
statements referred to in &#147;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements&#148; in herein. If any of the risks and uncertainties described below or elsewhere in this annual report on Form 
occur
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
Risks Relating to Our
Limited Operating History
We are an early stage company and have incurred significant losses since our
We are an early
stage company. We were formed and commenced operations in June 2015. We face all the risks faced by newer companies
 including significant competition from existing and emerging competitors
 many of which are established and have access to capital.
In addition
 as a new business
 we may encounter unforeseen expenses
 difficulties
 complications
 delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition from an early stage company to a company capable of supporting larger scale
commercial activities. If we are not successful in such a transition
 our business
We
have not been profitable to date and we expect operating losses for the near future. During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020
 we achieved net sales of approximately $26&nbsp;million and incurred net losses of approximately $13&nbsp;million.
During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2019
 we achieved net sales of approximately $13&nbsp;million and incurred net losses of approximately $9&nbsp;million. Furthermore
 to the extent our business strategy is successful
 we must control overhead
 or hire additional personnel as needed. We may not succeed in expanding our customer base and product offerings and
even if we do
 we may never generate revenue that is significant enough to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability
 we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and
remain profitable would depress our value and could impair our ability to raise capital
 expand our business
 diversify our product offerings or even continue our operations. 


 we have financed our operations through our initial public offering
 private placements of our common and preferred stock and
borrowings under loan agreements. We have devoted substantially all our financial resources and efforts to developing our products
 workforce
 and manufacturing capabilities. Our long-term growth and success are dependent upon our ability to
generate cash from operating activities. There is no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash from operations or access the capital we need to grow our business. Our inability to obtain additional capital could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to fully implement our business plan and grow our business
 to a greater extent than we can with our existing financial resources. 

lower demand for our products or due to other risks described herein
 we may seek to sell common stock or preferred stock or convertible debt securities
 enter into an additional credit facility or another form of third-party funding or seek other
We may also consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business
 to pursue strategic investments
 to
take advantage of financing opportunities or for other reasons
 including to: 




















 










fund development and marketing efforts of any future products or additional features to then-current products;






acquire
 license or invest in new technologies; 








 including: 













the cost of expanding our operations and offerings
 including our sales and marketing efforts;















 dilution to our
shareholders could result. Any equity securities issued also could provide for rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities
 those debt securities would have rights
preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could impose significant restrictions on our operations.&nbsp;If we raise funds through
collaborations and licensing arrangements
 we might be required to relinquish significant rights or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 
Our rapid growth may not be indicative of our future growth
 and our limited operating history may make it difficult to assess our future viability.
Our net sales grew to approximately $26&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020
 from $13&nbsp;million for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2019. We expect that
 in the future
 as our revenue increases to higher levels
 our revenue growth rate will decline. We also believe that growth of our revenue depends on several factors
 including our ability to: 

























































 we have not yet demonstrated the ability to
manage rapid growth over a long period of time or achieve profitability at scale. Consequently
 any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or had
We may be unable to manage our future growth effectively
 which could make it difficult to execute our business
Our rapid growth has placed and may continue to place significant demands on our organizational
 administrative and
operational infrastructure
 including manufacturing operations
 quality control
 technical 
 






support and customer service
 sales force management and general and financial administration. As we continue to grow
 we will need to make significant investments in multiple facets of our
company
 including in sales
 marketing
 product development
 information technology
 equipment
 facilities and personnel. We will also need to improve our operational
 financial and management controls as well as our reporting systems and
If we are unable to manage our growth effectively
 we may be unable to execute our business plan
 which could have a material
adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. Managing our planned growth effectively will require us to: 



















enhance our facilities and purchase additional equipment at our facility in Sisters
 Oregon; and






successfully hire
 train and motivate additional employees
 including additional personnel for our technological
The expansion of our products and customer base may result in increases in our overhead
and selling expenses. Any increase in expenditures in anticipation of future sales that do not materialize would adversely affect our profitability. In addition
 if we are unable to effectively manage the growth of our business
 the quality of our
products may suffer and we may be unable to address competitive challenges
 which would adversely affect our overall business
 operations and financial condition. 


assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 and recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of
the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures
 no matter how well-conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. For example
 our directors or executive officers could inadvertently fail to disclose
a new relationship or arrangement causing us to fail to make a required related party transaction disclosure. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized
override of the controls. Accordingly
 because of the inherent limitations in our control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
Competition in the
food and beverage retail industry
 especially Internet-based competition
 is strong and presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. 

 we compete with food and beverage retail
stores
 supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and other mass and general retail and online merchandisers
 including Internet retailers
 many of which are larger than us and have significantly greater capital resources than we do
 selling both competitive
products and retailing our own products
 competing against our direct online business. We also compete with a number of natural
 organic
 and functional food and beverage producers. 

could negatively affect our sales and profitability. In particular
 if natural
 organic
 and functional food and beverage competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing 
 






prices
 we would likely be forced to reduce our prices on similar product offerings in order to remain competitive
 which may result in a decrease in our market share
 net sales and profitability
We have been able to compete successfully by differentiating ourselves from our
competitors by providing an expanding selection of natural
 organic
 and functional products
 competitive pricing
 convenience and exceptional customer service. If changes in consumer preferences decrease the competitive advantage attributable to
these factors
 or if we fail to otherwise positively differentiate our product offering or customer experience from our competitors
 our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

 and potential competitors may have longer operating histories
 greater brand recognition
 larger
fulfillment infrastructures
 greater technical capabilities
 significantly greater financial
 marketing and other resources and larger customer bases than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to derive greater net sales and profits from
their existing customer base
 acquire customers at lower costs or respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in consumer preferences or habits. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development
efforts
 marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing policies (including but not limited to predatory pricing policies and the provision of substantial discounts)
 which
may allow them to build larger customer bases or generate net sales from those customer bases more effectively than we are able to execute upon. 

 organic
 and functional food and beverage industry
 and in particular Internet-based competition
generally to continue to increase. We believe that our ability to compete successfully in this market depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control
 including: 
























































 our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations would be materially and
We have less capital and resources than many of our competitors which may give them an advantage in developing and marketing
We are involved in a highly competitive industry. Many of our
current and potential competitors have longer operating histories
 significantly greater financial
 marketing and other resources
 and larger client bases than we have (or may be expected to have). Such resources may give our competitors an
advantage in developing and marketing products&nbsp;like ours or products that make our products less desirable to consumers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these competitors. 

 national
 and regional economies generally and the natural
 organic
 and functional food and
beverage industry
 we may not be able to create and maintain a competitive 
 






advantage in the marketplace. Our success will depend on our ability to respond to
 among other things
 changes in consumer preferences
 laws and regulations
 market conditions
 and competitive
pressures. Any failure by us to anticipate or respond adequately to such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 operating results
 liquidity
 cash flow and our operational performance. 


 in part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of leveraging our existing brand and
products to drive increased sales. However
 we face many risks
 uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development
 particularly companies in the rapidly evolving natural
 organic
 and functional
food and beverage industry. Our ability to implement our growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to: 





develop
 manufacture and introduce new and appealing products in our Laird Superfood brand and successfully
innovate on our existing products; 



















increase awareness of our Laird Superfood brand and develop effective marketing strategies to ensure consumer
loyalty; 





establish and maintain strategic relationships with key sales
 marketing
 manufacturing and distribution
providers; and 





attract
 retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

or generate sufficient levels of consumer interest or brand awareness
 and our high rates of sales and income growth may not be sustainable over time. Our sales and results of operations will be negatively affected if we fail to implement our growth
Our Laird Superfood products are new
 and our industry
Some of our Laird Superfood products are new
 such as our currently released liquid Superfood Creamers
 and
are only in early stages of commercialization
 and some products that are important to our growth strategy are in various stages of research and development
 and have not yet been commercialized. We are not certain that these
 or any other future
products
 will be developed to commercialization
 sell as anticipated
 be manufactured as anticipated
 or be desirable to their intended markets. Also
 some of our products may have limited uses and benefits
 which may limit their appeal to
consumers and put us at a competitive disadvantage. Developing new products and placing them into wholesale channels and into conventional and natural grocery environments is an expensive and time-consuming process
 and if a product fails to sustain
market acceptance or is unable to be manufactured as anticipated
If our current or
future Laird Superfood products fail in the development stage
 or fail our customer&#146;s expectation of quality
 or if we do not achieve or sustain market acceptance
 we could lose customers or could be subject to claims which could have a
material adverse effect on our business
As is typical in a rapidly evolving industry
 the
development process and demand and market acceptance for recently introduced products are subject to a high level of uncertainty and risk. Because the market for our products is new and evolving
 it is difficult to predict with any certainty the
size of this market and its growth rate
 if any
 and costs of manufacturing as a product is developed. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful 
 






in developing new or existing products or manufacturing new products including through copackers
 that our copackers perform as expected
 or that a market for our products will develop or that
demand for our products will be sustainable. If we fail to develop or manufacture new products
 or the market for new products fails to develop
 develops more slowly than expected or becomes saturated with competitors
 our business
 financial
We are subject to the risks associated with conducting business operations
outside of the U.S.
We purchase our products from a variety of suppliers
 including
 suppliers represented a majority of our raw materials in 2020 and 2019
 and we expect our international purchases may grow with time. We also sell our
products to consumers through our website and other online and physical distributors that are in foreign countries
 and we may in the future enter into agreements with distributors in foreign countries to sell our products. All of these activities
are subject to the uncertainties associated with international business operations
 including: 


























tariffs
 export or import restrictions
 restrictions on remittances abroad
 imposition of duties or taxes that
limit our ability to import necessary materials; 





limitations on our ability to enter into cost-effective arrangements with distributors
 or at all;













imposition of limitations on production
 sale or export in foreign countries
 including due to pandemic or
quarantine; 





imposition of limitations on or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by
foreign processors or joint ventures; 












economic
 political
 environmental
 health-related or social instability in foreign countries and regions;






an inability
 or reduced ability
 to protect our intellectual property; 






availability of government subsidies or other incentives that benefit competitors in their local markets that are
not available to us; 





difficulties in recruiting and retaining personnel
 and managing international operations; 















 we cannot assure you that our expansion plans will be realized
 or if realized
 be successful. We
expect each market to have particular regulatory and funding hurdles to overcome and future developments in these markets
 including the uncertainty relating to governmental policies and regulations
 could harm our business. If we expend significant
time and resources on expansion plans that fail or are delayed
 our reputation
In
addition
 we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws


 






While our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws
 our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or
agents. Violations of these laws
 or allegations of such violations
 could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition. 


 substantially all of our international purchase and sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars
 and generally do not guarantee
long term pricing. As a result
 a decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase our costs in dollars for the food products and ingredients that we import from other countries. In addition
 an increase in the
value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could require us to reduce our selling price or risk making our products less competitive in international markets. The Company has not historically hedged foreign exchange risks. 

in currencies other than U.S. dollars could subject us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively affect our revenues
 cost of revenues and operating margins and result in foreign currency translation gains and losses. 
Pandemics
 epidemics
 or disease outbreaks
 pandemic could have a material adverse impact
on our business including
 among other things
 consumption and trade patterns
 our supply chain and production processes
 each of which could materially affect our operations
 liquidity
 financial condition
 and results of operations. 

 was first reported in
Wuhan
 China. Less than four months later
 on March&nbsp;11
 2020
 a pandemic. The outbreak has resulted in the implementation of significant governmental
measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 orders
 quarantines and travel bans
 intended to control the spread of the virus. These restrictions
 and
future prevention and mitigation measures by governments and private entities
 have had and are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions and consumer confidence and spending
 which could materially adversely affect
The extent of
 effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread and intensity of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to
predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result
 on our business. However
 if this pandemic continues to be a severe
worldwide health crisis
 or in the regions from which we source our raw materials
 the disease could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. 

 a significant proportion of our products are produced at our manufacturing facility in Sisters
 Oregon. If we are forced to scale
back hours of production or close this facility in response to the pandemic
 we expect our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 

 epidemic
 pandemic or similar widespread public health concern



 liquidity
 financial condition and results of operations. Pandemics
 epidemics or disease outbreaks may affect demand for our products because quarantines or other
government restrictions on movement may cause erratic consumer purchase behavior. Governmental or societal impositions of restrictions on public gatherings
 especially if prolonged
 may have adverse effects on
 traffic to retail stores
 and in turn
 our business. Even the perceived risk of infection or health risk may adversely affect traffic to our store-based retail customers and
 in turn
 our business
liquidity
 financial condition and results of operations
 particularly if any self-imposed or government-imposed restrictions are in place for significant time. 
 








 which may negatively affect our operations. These third parties include those who supply our ingredients
packaging
 and other necessary operating materials
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 and logistics and transportation services providers. Ports and other channels of entry may be closed or operate at only a portion of capacity
 as workers may
be prohibited or otherwise unable to report to work and means of transporting products within regions or countries may be limited for the same reason. Our contract manufacturers&#146; ability to manufacture our products may be impaired by any
material disruption to their employee staffing
 procurement
 manufacturing
 or warehousing capabilities because of 

 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing customers
 to
attract new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers at prices they are willing and able to pay. Our ability to implement our innovation
 advertising
 display and promotion activities designed to maintain and increase our sales
 outbreak or similar situations.
Retailers may also alter their normal inventory receiving and product restocking practices during pandemics



 epidemics or disease outbreaks such as
 and related government actions may affect many aspects of our business. If a significant percentage of our workforce cannot work
 including because of illness
 travel or government restrictions in
connection with pandemics or disease outbreaks
Adverse and uncertain economic conditions
such as decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income
 outbreak or similar situations
 could have an adverse
effect on distributor
 retailer and consumer demand for our products. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions


 and any resulting recession or slowed economic growth
 may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

 and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond our
control
 including the duration and severity of any pandemic
 epidemic or disease outbreak
 and third party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate public health effects. 


 customer lists
 trademarks
 domain names
 trade secrets and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. We
may rely on trademark
 copyright and patent law
 trade secret protection
 agreements and other methods with our employees and others to protect our proprietary rights. We might not be able to obtain broad protection in the United States for all our
intellectual property. The protection of our intellectual property rights may require the expenditure of significant financial
 managerial and operational resources. Moreover
 the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately
protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights
 and we may be unable to broadly enforce all our trademarks. Any of our patents
 trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be
challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Our patent and trademark applications may never be granted. To date
 the Company has not applied for patent protection on any of its technology. The process of
obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming
 and we may be unable to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Even if issued
 there can be no assurance that these patents
will adequately protect our intellectual property
 as the legal standards relating to the validity
 enforceability and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are uncertain. We also cannot be certain that others will not
independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or intellectual property rights. Furthermore
 our confidentiality agreements 
 






may not effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information
 technologies and processes and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of such
We might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. For example
 we
may initiate claims or litigation against others for infringement
 misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights or to establish the validity of such rights. However
 we may be unable to discover or
determine the extent of any infringement
 misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights. In addition
 despite our efforts
 we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon
misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights. Any litigation
 whether or not it is resolved in our favor
 could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and
management personnel
 which may materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition
In
addition
 our technology platform may use open source software. The use of such open source software may subject us to certain conditions
 including the obligation to offer
 distribute
 or disclose our technology platform for no or reduced cost
make the proprietary source code subject to open source software licenses available to the public
 license our software and systems that use open source software for the purpose of making derivative works
 or allow reverse assembly
 disassembly
 or
reverse engineering. We monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our technology platform to conditions we do not intend. However
 if our technology platform becomes subject to such unintended conditions
 it could have an adverse
effect on our business
 financial condition
We may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout
The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the
United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or the misappropriation of
our intellectual property rights. The loss of the Laird Superfood brand or logo or other registered or common law trade names or a diminution in the perceived quality of products or services associated with the Company would harm our business. Our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition
 changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection
Third parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or
Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants
 of others in their work for us
 we may be subject to claims that we or our employees
 consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise
used or disclosed intellectual property
 including trade secrets or other proprietary information
 of a former employer or other third parties.&nbsp;Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims
in addition to paying monetary damages
 we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims
 litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and
A food safety or quality issue that results in a product disruption such as a recall
 health issue
 or death of a consumer could
The sale of products for human use and consumption involves the risk of injury or illness to consumers. Such
injuries may result from inadvertent mislabeling
 tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination or spoilage. Under certain circumstances
 we may be required to recall or withdraw products
 suspend production of our products or
cease operations
 which may lead to a material adverse effect on our 
 






business. For example
 in 2019 we recalled certain volumes of our Performance Mushroom supplement due to an overstatement of iron content on the product&#146;s packaging. In addition
 customers
Even if a situation does not necessitate a recall or
market withdrawal
 and suppliers
comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations
 if the consumption of any of our products causes
 or is alleged to have caused
 a health-related illness (such as listeria) or death to a consumer
 we may become subject to
claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or physical harm could cause consumers to lose
confidence in the safety and quality of our products. Moreover
 claims or liabilities of this type might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. Although we maintain product
liability and product recall insurance in an amount that we believe to be consistent with market practice
 we cannot be sure that we will not incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance
coverage. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity. 


 any claim under our insurance policies may
be subject to certain exceptions
 may not be honored fully
 in a timely manner
 or at all
 and we may not have purchased sufficient insurance to cover all losses incurred. If we were to incur substantial liabilities or if our business operations
were interrupted for a substantial period
 we could incur costs and suffer losses. Inventory
 equipment
 and business interruption losses may not be covered by our insurance policies. Additionally
 in the future
 insurance coverage may not be
available to us at commercially acceptable premiums
 or at all. 



 to differentiate our products from others. We must comply with the requirements of independent organizations or
certification authorities in order to label our products as certified organic. For example
 we can lose our &#147;organic&#148; certification if a manufacturing plant becomes contaminated with 
materials
 or if it is not properly cleaned after a production run. In addition
 all raw materials must be certified organic. The loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our market position as an organic and natural products
company

Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of <FONT

 such as the number and size of farms that grow organic crops
 climate conditions
 changes in national and world
economic conditions
The organic ingredients that we use in
the production of our products (including
 among others
 coffee
 coconut sugar
 coconut milk powder
 and extra virgin coconut oil) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 water scarcity
temperature extremes
 frosts
 earthquakes and pestilences. Natural disasters and adverse weather conditions (including the potential effects of climate change) can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and crop quality
 which in turn could reduce
 and organic ingredients. If our supplies of

 






 and organic ingredients are reduced
 we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms
 if at all
 which could
impact our ability to supply product to our customers and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
 and organic product
ingredients
 and organic products increases.
Adverse weather conditions
 fires
natural disasters
 crop disease
 pests and other natural conditions can impose significant costs and losses on our business. 

 including severe rains
 drought and temperature extremes
 floods and
windstorms
 which are quite common but difficult to predict. Agricultural products also are vulnerable to crop disease and to pests
 which may vary in severity and effect
 depending on the stage of production at the time of infection or infestation
the type of treatment applied and climatic conditions. Unfavorable growing conditions caused by these factors can reduce both crop size and crop quality and
 in extreme cases
 entire harvests may be lost. Additionally
 adverse weather or natural
disasters
 including fires
 earthquakes
 winter storms
 droughts
 or volcanic events
 could impact our manufacturing and business facilities in Sisters
 Oregon
 which could result in significant costs and meaningfully reduce our capacity to fulfill
orders and maintain normal business operations. Sisters
 Oregon is located in an area subject to seasonal forest fires and fire risk. These factors may result in lower sales volume and increased costs due increased costs of products. Incremental
costs
 including transportation
 may also be incurred if we need to find alternate short-term supplies of products from alternative areas. These factors can increase costs
 decrease revenues and lead to additional charges to earnings
 which may have
a material adverse effect on our business
Climate change may negatively affect our business and
There is concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global
temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity
 we may be subject to decreased availability or less
favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products
 such as coconut milk powder
 organic coconut sugar
 organic extra virgin coconut oil and freeze dried coconut water. As a result of climate change
 we may also be
subjected to decreased availability of water
 deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water
 which could adversely impact our manufacturing and distribution operations
 as well as the agricultural businesses of our suppliers
Our production equipment may be damaged
 adversely affecting our ability to meet consumer and
A significant proportion of our products are produced at our manufacturing facility in Sisters
 Oregon. A
significant disruption at that facility or to any of our key production equipment
 even on a short-term basis
 could impair our ability to timely produce and ship products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
position and results of operations. In the past
 we have had manufacturing delays due to damaged and malfunctioning equipment and cannot fully insure against the effects of such delays on our business. Our manufacturing operations are vulnerable to
interruption and damage from natural and other types of disasters
 including earthquake
 fire
 floods
 volcanic events
 droughts
 environmental accidents
 winter storms
 power loss


 communication failures and similar events. If any disaster were to occur at our facility
 our ability to operate our business at our facilities would be seriously impaired. 
 





We rely on a small number of suppliers to provide our raw materials
 and our supply chain may be
We rely on suppliers and vendors to meet our
high-quality standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner. There is
 however
 no assurance that quality natural and organic products will continue to be available to meet our specific and growing needs. This may be due to
 among
other reasons
 problems with our suppliers&#146; and vendors&#146; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 ability to export materials
 product quality issues
 costs
 production
 insurance and reputation
 as well as disease outbreaks or pandemics
 pandemic
 acts of war
 terrorism
 natural disasters
 fires
 earthquakes
 flooding or other catastrophic occurrences. If for any reason our suppliers or vendors became
unable or unwilling to continue to provide services to us
 this would likely lead to a temporary interruption in our ability to import our products until we found another entity that could provide these services. Failure to find a suitable
replacement
 even on a temporary basis
 would have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our current production targets
 make it difficult to grow and would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

 our top suppliers are in a similar geographic area
 which increases the risk of significant supply disruptions from local and
regional events. Vietnam
 Indonesia
 China
 and Sri Lanka geographically accounted for approximately 69% of our total raw materials and packaging purchases for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. Vietnam and the Philippines geographically
accounted for approximately 51% of our total raw material and packaging purchases for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2019. In the event that our supply from our current suppliers is interrupted
 our operations may be interrupted resulting in lost
revenue
 added costs and distribution delays that could harm our business and customer relationships until we are able to identify and enter into an agreement with one or more alternative suppliers. 

 our business and operations would be negatively affected if any of our key suppliers
were to experience significant disruption affecting the price
 quality
 availability or timely delivery of their products. Additionally
 our top suppliers are in a similar geographic area
 which increases the risk of significant supply disruptions
from local and regional events. In the event that our supply from our current suppliers is interrupted
 our operations may be interrupted resulting in lost revenue
 added costs such as
 without limitation
 shipping costs
 and distribution delays
that could harm our business and customer relationships until we are able to identify and enter into an agreement with one or more alternative suppliers. 


 including
coconut milk powder
 organic coconut sugar
 organic extra virgin coconut oil
 freeze dried coconut water and Aquamin
 are the principal inputs used in our products. These items
 as well as a growing list of new ingredients as we expand our product
portfolio
 are subject to price volatility which can be caused by commodity market fluctuations
 inflation
 crop yields
 seasonal cycles
 weather conditions (including the potential effects of climate change)
 temperature extremes and natural
disasters (including floods
 droughts
 water scarcity
 frosts
 earthquakes and hurricanes)
 pest and disease problems
 changes in currency exchange rates
 imbalances between supply and demand
 natural disasters and government programs and policies
among other factors. Volatile fuel costs translate into unpredictable costs for the products and services we receive from our third-party providers including
 but not limited to
 distribution costs for our products and packaging costs. While we may
seek to offset the volatility of such costs with a combination of cost savings initiatives
 operating efficiencies and price increases to our customers
 we may be unable to manage cost volatility. If we are unable to fully offset the volatility of
such costs
We are reliant on Laird Hamilton and Gabrielle Reece to develop new products and
Many of the Company&#146;s current products and planned future products are based on the lifestyle of
Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece. Pursuant to the License and Preservation Agreement
 dated May&nbsp;26
 2020
 by and 
 






among Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton
 Ms.&nbsp;Reece and the Company
 Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece granted us a limited
 exclusive license to use their respective images
 signatures
 voices and names
(other than those owned by the Company)
 rights of publicity and common law and statutory rights to the foregoing. Any use of the licensed property that is in accordance with the historical standard of use and is not objected to by Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton
or Ms.&nbsp;Reece within 30&nbsp;days of the first intra-company disclosure of a bona-fide intent to make such use is deemed approved. Any new use of the licensed property shall satisfy the historical standard of use and shall be primarily directed
to the advertising
 promotion or marketing of the Company&#146;s products and services. If Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton or Ms.&nbsp;Reece object to a proposed use of the licensed property
 the Company may be prevented from implementing our business plan in a
timely manner
 or at all
 product guidelines. Also
 the Company depends on the positive image and public popularity of
Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece to maintain and increase brand recognition. Customers may be drawn to our products because of their involvement in our Company as celebrities. If Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton or Ms.&nbsp;Reece&#146;s image
 reputation or
popularity is materially and adversely affected
Laird
Hamilton&#146;s and Gabrielle Reece&#146;s involvement with other business and personal ventures might interfere with their ability to fully engage with their Company obligations. 

 including the XPT Extreme Performance
Training brand
 Laird Apparel and various endorsement opportunities. These activities may interfere with the respective time and attention Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece can devote to the Company&#146;s business and affairs
 which could have a
material and adverse effect on the business. Also
 we have entered only limited noncompetition and nonsolicitation agreements with Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece
 which makes us vulnerable to competition from them. These conflicts of interest
may result in the loss of business opportunities
 which may materially and adversely affect our prospects
 business advantage
 financial condition and results of operations. 
We are dependent on our management team
 and the loss of any key member of this team may prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely
manner
Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key personnel
particularly Paul Hodge
 Laird Hamilton
 Valerie Ells
 Scott McGuire
 and Andrew McCormick. Our executive officers or key personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time without penalty. Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton
 Mr.&nbsp;Hodge
 and certain
other of our executive officers frequently participate in a wide variety of activities
 including extreme mountain
 desert
 snow and ocean sports
 motorsports
 flying private aircraft (including experimental aircraft)
 and attempting small aircraft
time and distance records
 which have in the past resulted in serious injuries to members of our management team
 and subject them to a significant risk of serious injury or death. In addition
 we do not maintain key person life insurance policies
on any of our employees. The loss of one or more of these executive officers or key personnel could seriously harm our business and may prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner
 or at all. 
If the reputation of our brand erodes significantly
 it could have a material impact on our results of operations. 

or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on our brand&#146;s image or its ability to attract consumers. Further
 our results could be negatively affected if our brand suffers substantial damage to its reputation due to real or perceived
quality issues
 adverse publicity about our products
 packaging or ingredients
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 the products becoming unavailable
to consumers
 or perception that the Company or any of its executives or Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton or Ms.&nbsp;Reece is perceived to act in an irresponsible or objectionable manner. In addition
 it is possible for such information
 misperceptions and
opinions to be shared 
 






quickly and disseminated widely due to the continued growing use of social and digital media. Negative posts or comments about the Company or any of its executives or Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton or
Ms.&nbsp;Reece
We rely on retailers and
distributors for a substantial portion of our sales
 and our failure to maintain and further develop our sales channels could harm our business. 

 Natural Grocers
 CVS
 Kroger and REI
 distributors such as
United Natural Foods
 Inc. and KeHE Distributors
 and online through 
 and we depend on these third parties to sell our products to consumers. The largest retailer of our products for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
was Costco
 which accounted for 23% and 11% of our total net sales
 respectively. In addition
 accounted for 21% and 30% of our total net sales for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. No
The loss of
 or business disruption at
 as a sales channel could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we do not
maintain our relationship with existing retailers and distributors or develop relationships with new retailers and distributors
 the growth of our business may be adversely affected
 and our business may be harmed. 

 such as 
 and face competition in that channel from
resellers of our products. Further
 the terms of our agreements with these distributors allow us to plan for the future
 maintain growth and strengthen our relationships with key customers. If we are required to obtain additional or alternative
distribution agreements or arrangements in the future
 we cannot be certain that we will be able to do so on satisfactory terms or in a timely manner. Our inability to enter into satisfactory distribution agreements may inhibit our ability to
We depend upon internet
search engines and other providers of digital advertising to attract a significant portion of our potential customers to our website
 and any change in the prominence of our website in either paid or algorithmic search result listings or an increase
We depend in significant
part on various internet search engines
 such as Google
 and other providers of digital advertising to direct a significant number of potential customers to our website. Search websites typically provide two types of search results
 algorithmic and
paid listings. Algorithmic
 or organic
 listings are determined and displayed solely by a set of formulas designed by search companies. Paid listings can be purchased and then are displayed if particular words are included in a user&#146;s internet
search. Placement in paid listings is generally not determined solely on the bid price
 but also takes into account the search engines&#146; assessment of the quality of the website featured in the paid listing and other factors. We rely on both
algorithmic and paid search results
 as well as digital advertising on other websites and through other providers
 to direct a substantial share of the visitors to our website. 

control. For example
 internet search websites frequently revise their algorithms in an attempt to optimize their search result listings or to implement their internal standards and strategies. Changes in the algorithms could cause our website to
receive less favorable placements
 which could reduce the number of users who visit our website. We have experienced and continue to experience fluctuations in the search result rankings for our website. 

 the prominence of the placement of our advertisements is in part determined by the amount we are willing to pay for the
advertisement. We bid against our competitors for the display of paid search engine 
 






advertisements and some of our competitors have greater resources with which to bid and better brand recognition than we have. Additionally
 as we increase the number of third-party distributors
of our products
 they have occasionally targeted similar individuals or use similar key words. If competition for the display of paid advertisements in response to search terms related to our online services increases
 our online advertising
expenses could rise significantly
 and we may be required to reduce the number of our paid search advertisements. If we reduce our advertising with search engines
 our consumer traffic may significantly decline
 or we may be unable to maintain a
On October&nbsp;20
 2020
 the United States Department of Justice brought an antitrust
lawsuit against Google claiming that Google improperly uses its monopoly over internet search to impede competition and harm consumers. Our cost of advertising on Google may remain high if Google&#146;s monopoly over internet searches is not
prevented and competitive search engines are not allowed to compete. Alternatively
 if Google is required because of this lawsuit to split up the company or sell assets
 there is no assurance this will decrease advertising costs and it may lead to
increased costs due to an increased number of service providers who obtain oligopoly power to control advertising costs. Although this lawsuit may lower our advertising costs
 there is risk that it may not and would lead to increased costs which
Other factors
 such as search engine technical difficulties
 search engine
technical changes and technical or presentation changes we make to our website
 could also cause our website to be listed less prominently in algorithmic search results. Any adverse effect on the placement of our website in search engine results
could reduce the number of users who visit our website and drive up the cost of customer acquisition. If visits to our website decrease
 our revenue may decline
 and we may need to resort to more costly sources to acquire new customers and such
Our customers generally are not
Many of our customers are individuals that buy from us under purchase orders
and we generally do not have long-term agreements with or commitments from these customers for the purchase of products. We cannot provide assurance that our customers
 including customers that participate in our subscription programs
 will maintain
or increase their sales volumes or orders for the products supplied by us or that we will be able to maintain or add to our existing customer base. Decreases in our customers&#146; sales volumes or orders for products supplied by us may have a
material adverse effect on our business
Failure to maintain sufficient internal production capacity
source appropriate external production capacity
 or to enter into third-party agreements on terms that are beneficial for us may result in our inability to meet customer demand and/or may increase our operating costs and capital expenditures.
We intend to rely on internal production capacity and
 to a lesser extent
 third-party
 to fulfill our growing production needs. We have plans to expand our own production facilities
 but in the short-term may need to increase our reliance on third parties to provide production and
supply certain services
 agreements
 for a number of our products
 including our liquid products. A failure by us or our
 to comply with food safety
 environmental
 or other laws and regulations
 or to produce products of the quality and taste-profile we expect
 or with efficiency and at costs we expect
 may also
disrupt our supply of products. In addition
 we may experience increased distribution and warehousing costs due to capacity constraints resulting from our growth. We anticipate needing to enter additional


 and we can provide no assurance that we would be able to find acceptable third-party providers or enter into agreements on satisfactory terms
or at all. In addition
 we may need to expand our internal capacity
 which could increase our operating costs and could require significant capital expenditures. If we cannot maintain sufficient and satisfactory production
 warehousing and
distribution capacity
 either internally or through third party agreements
 we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing
 distribution and warehousing costs may increase
 which could negatively affect our business. 
 





If we face labor shortages or increased labor costs
 our results of operations and our growth could be
Labor is a significant component of the cost of operating our business. Our ability to meet our labor needs
while controlling labor costs is subject to external factors
 such as employment levels
 prevailing wage rates
 minimum wage legislation
 changing demographics
 health and other insurance costs and governmental labor and employment requirements. In
the event of increasing wage rates
 if we fail to increase our wages competitively
 the quality of our workforce could decline
 and we would experience significant turnover
 while increasing our wages could cause our earnings to decrease. Our
business is also located in a small metropolitan area that has limited access to skilled and unskilled labor. If we face labor shortages or increased labor costs because of increased competition for employees from our competitors and other
industries
 higher employee-turnover rates
 or increases in the federal- or state-mandated minimum wage
 status
 or other employee benefits costs (including costs associated
with health insurance coverage or workers&#146; compensation insurance)
 our operating expenses could increase and our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
Our financial success depends on our ability to successfully predict changes in consumer preferences and develop successful new products and marketing
Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our products depends on our ability to identify
the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences and address their concerns. We must also adapt our marketing strategies to these fluid consumer preferences as they develop. Recent trends in consumer
preferences that may impact us include: 





dietary trends and increased attention to nutritional values
 such as sugar
 fat
 protein
 fiber
 carbohydrate
or calorie content; 





concerns about obesity and the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients
 such as sugar and other
sweeteners
 ingredients derived from genetically modified organisms (GMOs)
 gluten
 grains
 dairy
 soybeans
 nuts
 oils
 vitamins
 fiber
 and minerals; and 





increasing awareness of the environmental and social effects of product production
 including agricultural
The development and introduction of new products could require
substantial research and development and other expenditures
 including capital investment and marketing and warehouse slotting investments. In addition
 the success of our innovation and product development efforts depends upon our ability to
anticipate changes in consumers&#146; preferences
 the technical capability of our research and development staff in developing
 formulating and testing new products
 and our ability to introduce the resulting products in a timely manner. If our
products fail to meet consumer preferences
 or we fail to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis
 then the return on that investment will be less than anticipated and our strategy to grow sales and profits through product innovations
Consumer preferences for natural and organic food products are difficult to predict and may change.
non-GMO

 and
our success depends
 in part
 on our ability to offer products that anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and appeal to their preferences on a timely and affordable basis. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products
or our failure to maintain our current market position
 could reduce our sales and harm our business. Consumer trends change based on a number of possible factors
 including nutritional values
 a change in consumer preferences or general economic
conditions. Additionally
 there is a growing focus among some consumers to buy local food products in an attempt to reduce the carbon footprint associated with transporting food products from longer distances
 which could result in a decrease in the
demand for food products and ingredients that we import from other countries or transport from remote processing locations or growing 
 






regions. Further
 failures by us or our competitors to deliver quality products could erode consumer trust in the organic certification of foods. A significant shift in consumer demand away from
our products would reduce our market share
Technology failures or security breaches could disrupt our operations and
In the normal course of business
 we rely on information technology systems to process
 transmit
and store electronic information. For example
 our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs. Information technology systems are also integral to the
reporting of our results of operations. Furthermore
 a significant portion of the communications between
 and storage of personal data of
 our personnel
 customers
 and suppliers depends on information technology
 including social media platforms.
Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions
 as a result of updating our enterprise platform or
due to events beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to
 natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 computer viruses
 hackers
 and other security issues. These events could compromise our confidential information
impede or interrupt our business operations
 and may result in other negative consequences
 including remediation costs
 loss of revenue
 litigation and reputational damage. Furthermore
 if a breach or other breakdown results in disclosure of
confidential or personal information
 we may suffer reputational
To date


 and a third party that processes payments for our website experienced a data breach in which certain customer data (but not credit card
numbers
 Social Security numbers or similar sensitive personal information) may have been compromised
 but we have not experienced a material breach of cyber security
 either directly or indirectly. While we have implemented administrative and
technical controls and taken other preventive actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology


cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operations. 


distribute may be adversely affected from time to time by economic downturns that impact consumer spending
 including discretionary spending. Future economic conditions such as employment levels
 business conditions
 housing starts
 interest rates
inflation rates


 given that many premium natural and organic products
 and particularly premium natural and organic foods
 often have higher retail prices than do their
The failure to successfully integrate newly acquired products or businesses could
From time to time
 we may consider opportunities to acquire other products or businesses that
may expand the breadth of our markets or customer base. The success of future acquisitions will be dependent upon our ability to effectively integrate the acquired products and operations into our business. Integration can be complex
 expensive and
time-consuming. The failure to successfully integrate acquired products or businesses in a timely and cost-effective manner could materially adversely affect our business
 prospects
 results of operations and financial condition. The diversion of
our management&#146;s attention and any difficulties encountered in any integration process could also have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our business. In addition
 
 






the integration process could result in the loss of key employees
 the disruption of ongoing businesses
 tax costs or inefficiencies
 or inconsistencies in standards
 any of which could adversely
affect our ability to maintain the appeal of our brand and our relationships with customers
 employees or other third parties or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions and could harm our financial performance. We do not
know if we will be able to identify acquisitions we deem suitable
 whether we will be able to successfully complete any such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all
 or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired products or
businesses. Additionally
Regulatory
Our products and operations are subject to government regulation and oversight both in the United States and abroad
 and our failure to
We are affected by a wide range
of governmental laws and regulations. Examples of regulatory agencies influencing our operations include the United States Department of Agriculture (the &#147;USDA&#148;)
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &#147;FDA&#148;)
 the Federal Trade
Commission (the &#147;FTC&#148;)
 and the Environmental Protection Agency
 among others. These agencies regulate
 among other things
 with respect to our products and operations: 






design
 development and manufacturing; 






testing
 labeling
 content and language of instructions for use and storage; 












marketing
 sales and distribution; 





























 certain food ingredient products manufactured by Laird
Superfood are regulated under the United States Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act (&#147;FDCA&#148;)
 as administered by the FDA. Under the FDCA
 approval by the FDA is required for the sale
of a food ingredient which is a food additive unless the substance is generally recognized as safe
 under the conditions of its intended use by qualified experts in food safety. We believe that most food ingredients in our products are generally
recognized as safe. However
 this status cannot be determined until actual formulations and uses are finalized. As a result
 we may be adversely affected if the FDA determines that our food ingredient products do not meet the criteria for generally
The regulations to which we are subject are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory
changes could result in restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations
 higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales. The failure to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our
products and result in enforcement actions and third-party lawsuits such as: 
























 

































 business
financial condition and results of operations. We may also be required to take corrective actions
 such as installing additional equipment or taking other actions
 each of which could require us to make substantial capital expenditures. In addition
we could be required to indemnify our employees in connection with any expenses or liabilities that they may incur individually in connection with regulatory action against them. As a result
 our future business prospects could deteriorate due to
regulatory constraints
The
FDA may also take issue with the name &#147;Laird Superfood&#148; or any derivative name
 as &#147;superfood&#148; is
 to our knowledge
 still undefined by regulatory agencies. In addition to any regulatory costs
 if the Company were required to
change its name
 there would likely be
 or could be
 among other results
 a negative effect on the Company&#146;s branding and customer perception. 


 ingredients or health benefits
 including
 by way of example
 the use of the term
&#147;natural&#148;
 &#147;functional&#148;
 or &#147;healthy&#148;
 or similar synonyms or implied statements relating to such benefits. Although the FDA and the USDA each has issued statements regarding the appropriate use of the word
&#147;natural
&#148; there is no single
 United States government regulated definition of the term &#147;natural&#148; for use in the food industry


 distrust and legal challenges. Plaintiffs have commenced legal actions against several food
companies that market &#147;natural&#148; products
 asserting false
 misleading and deceptive advertising and labeling claims
 including claims related to genetically modified ingredients. In limited circumstances
 the FDA has taken regulatory
action against products labeled &#147;natural&#148; but that nonetheless contain synthetic ingredients or components. Should we become subject to similar claims
 consumers may avoid purchasing products from us or seek alternatives
 even if the basis
for the claim is unfounded. Adverse publicity about these matters may discourage consumers from buying our products. The cost of defending against any such claims could be significant. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the
truthfulness of our labeling or ingredient claims would be difficult and costly to overcome and may significantly reduce our brand value. Any of these events could adversely affect our reputation and brand and decrease our sales
 which would have a
material adverse effect on our business
Similarly
 certain USDA regulations set forth the
minimum standards producers must meet in order to have their products labeled as &#147;certified organic
&#148; and we currently manufacture several organic products that are covered by these regulations. While we believe our products and our supply
chain are in compliance with these regulations
 changes to food regulations may increase our costs to remain in compliance. We could lose our &#147;organic&#148; certification if a facility becomes contaminated with
 ingredients
 if we do not use raw materials that are certified organic
 or if key ingredients used in our products are no longer allowed to be used in food certified as &#147;organic.&#148; The
loss of our &#147;organic&#148; certifications could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations. 

 the USDA has proposed a rule requiring disclosure of the use of genetic engineering in manufacturing a product or an ingredient
used in a product. The rule has not been finalized
 and we are unable to predict with certainty what the final requirements will be. If the USDA issues bioengineering disclosure regulations inconsistent with our practices
 the resulting changes in
labeling could adversely affect customer acceptance of our product and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 





Litigation and regulatory enforcement concerning marketing and labeling of food products could
The marketing and labeling of any food product in recent years has brought increased
risk that consumers will bring class action lawsuits and that the FTC and/or state attorneys general will bring legal action concerning the truth and accuracy of the marketing and labeling of the product. Examples of causes of action that may be
asserted in a consumer class action lawsuit include fraud
 unfair trade practices and breach of state consumer protection statutes. The FTC and/or state attorneys general may bring legal action that seeks removal of a product from the marketplace
and impose fines and penalties. Even when unmerited
 class claims
 action by the FTC or state attorneys general enforcement actions can be expensive to defend and adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers
and our corporate and brand image
 which could have a material and adverse effect on our business
We
may be subject to specific FTC endorsement and/or testimonial regulations that would interfere with our advertising
 marketing and labeling strategies. 

 which became effective
on December&nbsp;1
 2009. Although the Guides are not binding
 they explain how the FTC interprets Section&nbsp;5 of the FTC Act&#146;s prohibition on unfair or deceptive acts or practices. Consequently
 the FTC could bring a Section&nbsp;5
enforcement action based on practices that are inconsistent with the Guides. Under the revised Guides
 advertisements that feature a consumer and convey his or her atypical experience with a product or service are required to clearly disclose the
results that consumers can generally expect. In contrast to the 1980 version of the Guides
 which allowed advertisers to describe atypical results in a testimonial as long as they included a disclaimer such as &#147;results not typical
&#148; the
revised Guides no longer contain such a safe harbor. The revised Guides also add new examples to illustrate the long-standing principle that &#147;material connections&#148; between advertisers and endorsers (such as payments or free products)
connections that consumers might not expect
 must be disclosed. While we do request that public persons who we engage as paid advertisers
 or provide samples of product to
 disclose their relationship with us prior to sharing on social media or
other endorsement
 we cannot ensure all recipients comply with this request and we do not regularly monitor what they post on social media. If we were held responsible for the content of their posts on social media or other endorsements
 we could be
forced to alter our practices. We have continually adapted our marketing efforts to be compliant with the revised Guides. However
 it is possible that our use
 and that of our employees
 of testimonials in the advertising and promotion of our
We may face scrutiny from evolving state regulations
concerning health
 safety
In addition to the federal regulatory issues listed above
 there are a
growing number of state regulations that might impair our ability to operate and avoid interruption. For example
 California currently enforces legislation commonly referred to as &#147;Proposition 65&#148; that requires that &#147;clear and
reasonable&#148; warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. Although we seek to comply with the requirements of Proposition 65
 as well as to educate our
customers regarding the substance of Proposition 65 and the relative metals contents in various natural foods
 there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by litigation or other actions relating to Proposition 65 or future
legislation that is similar or related thereto. Also
 the Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 in California requires us to audit our vendors with respect to risks of human trafficking and slavery and mitigate these risks in our operations. Any
 could subject us to action by the California Attorney General or other regulatory authorities. Increased compliance costs associated with operating in
California and other states could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
 





 
The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile
 and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you purchased them.
The market price of our common stock has fluctuated and may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors
 many of which
are beyond our control
 including: 


























our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies
 or companies in the premium organic and
natural food industry; 












press releases or other public announcements by us or others
 including our filings with the SEC;






changes in expectations related to consumer preferences in the premium organic and natural food industry;













changes in our capital structure
 such as future issuances of debt or equity securities; 













the economy as a whole
 market conditions in our industry
 and the industries of our customers;






 agreements; and








 the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market
 companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of those companies. In the past
 shareholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation
 it could subject us to substantial
costs
 divert resources and the attention of management from our business
We will incur increased costs in
connection with operating as a public company and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

 and particularly after we are no longer an &#147;emerging growth company
&#148; we will incur significant legal
accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 the listing requirements of the NYSE American and other applicable securities rules and
regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover
 these rules and regulations will increase our legal and
financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example
 these rules and regulations have made it more expensive for us to obtain directors&#146; and officers&#146; liability insurance
 which could make
it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the timing of such costs
 however such costs may be
material to our business. 
 





If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business
The trading market for our common stock depends in
part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us and our business. If analysts cease coverage of us
 the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover
us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business
 the price for our common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly
demand for our common stock could decrease
The concentration of
Our officers and directors continue to


represent approximately 25.5% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a consequence
 our directors and officers will have the power to affect our management and affairs and overall matters requiring shareholder approval
 including
the election of directors and significant corporate transactions
 such as a merger or other sale of our Company or our assets
 for the foreseeable future. This concentrated control limits or restricts our shareholders&#146; ability to influence
corporate matters and
 as a result
 we may take actions that our shareholders do not view as beneficial. As a result
 the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 


preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: 





authorizing the issuance of &#147;blank check&#148; preferred stock that could be issued by our board of
directors to defend against a takeover attempt; 





providing that vacancies on the board of directors
 including newly created directorships
 may be filled only by
a majority vote of directors then in office rather than by shareholders; 





advance notice procedures
 which apply for shareholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to
bring matters before an annual meeting of shareholders; 





no authorization of cumulative voting
 which limits the ability of minority shareholders to elect director
candidates; 












our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the approval of
 of the then outstanding voting power of our capital stock for shareholders to adopt
 amend
 alter or repeal our bylaws
 or adopt any provision inconsistent with our bylaws; 






a prohibition on shareholder action by written consent
 which means that our shareholders will only be able to
take action at a meeting of shareholders; and 







 we are governed by the provisions of Section&nbsp;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 which generally prohibits a
Delaware corporation from engaging in a broad range of business combinations with any &#147;interested&#148; shareholder for a period of three years following the date on which the shareholder becomes an &#147;interested&#148; shareholder. 
 





We are an &#147;emerging growth company
&#148; and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to
We are an &#147;emerging growth company
&#148;
as defined in the JOBS Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company
 we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies. These exemptions include: 





being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements
 in addition to any required unaudited
interim financial statements
 with correspondingly reduced &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; disclosure; 






not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control
over financial reporting of Section&nbsp;404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 





not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor&#146;s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; 













exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
We have taken advantage of reduced reporting burdens
in our filings with the SEC. In addition
 the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to
delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

 exceeds $700&nbsp;million as of June&nbsp;30
 (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of $1.07&nbsp;billion or more during such fiscal
year
 debt in a three-year period or (iv)&nbsp;the end of the fifth fiscal year after the date of Company&#146;s final
Since we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the
foreseeable future
 stock price appreciation
 if any
We currently intend to retain all our
future earnings
 if any
 to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition
 the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result
 appreciation
 if any
 in the market price of our common stock
Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders
 which could limit our shareholders&#146; ability to obtain a favorable judicial
forum for disputes with us or our directors
 officers
Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for: 






 










any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors
 officers or other
employees to us or our shareholders; 





any action asserting a claim against us or our directors
 officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision
of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; and 





any action asserting a claim against us or our directors
 officers or employees governed by the internal affairs
This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or
In addition
 our certificate of incorporation provides
that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act
 unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum. This
These exclusive forum provisions may limit a
shareholder&#146;s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors
 officers or other employees
 which may discourage these types of lawsuits. Furthermore
 the enforceability of similar
choice of forum provisions in other companies&#146; certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings
 and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to
find the exclusive forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action
 we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions
 which could harm our
business. 
ITEM&nbsp;2.
We currently lease approximately 6
888 square feet of commercial space for manufacturing
 distribution and related office
use in one building
 and a second lease provides us approximately 13
600 square feet of further commercial space for manufacturing
 distribution and related office use. On March&nbsp;15
 2019
 we purchased lots adjacent to our current manufacturing
facility in Sisters
 Oregon. We believe that our existing facilities
 our facilities under construction and other available properties will be sufficient for our needs for the foreseeable future. 




 





 
ITEM&nbsp;5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.
Our common
stock began trading on the NYSE American Market under the symbol &#147;LSF&#148; on September&nbsp;23
 2020. Prior to that date
 there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
As of March&nbsp;15
 2021
 there
Use
On September&nbsp;22
 2020
 (File
) was declared effective by the SEC for our IPO. At the closing of the offering on September&nbsp;25
 2020
 we sold 3
047
500 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of
$22 per share
 including 397
500 shares of common stock upon the exercise of the underwriter&#146;s option to purchase additional shares and received gross proceeds of $67
045
000. After underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering
costs
 net proceeds from the IPO were approximately $61
966
237. Canaccord Genuity LLC
 Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and Roth Capital Partners
 LLC acted as underwriters for our IPO. 

 PBC (&#147;DMV&#148;) purchased 90
910 shares of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to
the consummation of the IPO for a total purchase price of $2
000
020
We intend to use the net proceeds from
our IPO for working capital and general corporate purposes
 including operating expenses and capital expenditures. Additionally
 we may use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire businesses or products. However
 we do not have agreements or
commitments for any acquisitions at this time. We cannot specify with certainty the particular uses of the net proceeds that we received from our IPO. Pending the use of proceeds from our IPO as described above
 we may invest the net proceeds that
we received in our IPO in short-term
 investment grade
ITEM&nbsp;6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

 





ITEM&nbsp;7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF&nbsp;FINANCIAL
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those identified below and those discussed in the section
titled &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and &#147;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements&#148; included elsewhere in this Annual Report on 
Laird Superfood is an emerging
consumer products platform focused on manufacturing and marketing highly differentiated plant-based and functional foods. The core pillars of the Laird Superfood platform are currently Superfood Creamer coffee creamers
 Hydrate hydration products
and beverage enhancing supplements
 and roasted and instant coffees
 teas and hot chocolate. Consumer preferences within the evolving food and beverage industry are shifting away from processed and sugar-laden food and beverage products
 as well as
those containing significant amounts of highly processed and artificial ingredients. Laird Superfood&#146;s long-term goal is to build the first scale-level and widely recognized brand that authentically focuses on natural ingredients
 nutritional
density and functionality
We
have experienced strong sales growth since inception. Net sales increased to $26&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020
 from $13&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2019
 representing net sales growth of 98%. The
growth in the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 was primarily driven by a significant expansion of our customer base in both online and traditional wholesale channels. 

 wholesale and food service. In aggregate
 this omnichannel strategy
provides us with a diverse set of customers and wholesale partners
. We believe that
 along with a trusted brand name
 extensive proprietary
Our online business is two pronged and
. For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 the online business made up 56% and 59% of our net sales
 is a platform that provides an
authentic brand experience for our customers that drives engagement and provides feedback for future product development
 while generating highly attractive margins. We view our growing proprietary database of customers ordering directly from our
website as a strategic asset
 as it enhances our ability to develop a long-term relationship with these customers. Content on our website allows Laird Superfood to educate consumers on the benefits of our products and ingredients
 while providing a
positive customer experience. We believe this experience leads to higher retention rates among repeat users and subscribers
 of
 sales for the year ended December&nbsp;31
Our wholesale business addresses the $759&nbsp;billion grocery
industry
 specifically the $174&nbsp;billion Natural




 2020 and 2019
 wholesale made up 42% and 40% of our net sales
 respectively. Laird Superfood products are sold through a diverse set of retail
channels
 including conventional
 natural and specialty grocery
 club
 outdoor and drug stores. We currently estimate our products are in over 7
100 retail door locations across the United States and we believe the long-term potential store base
exceeds 20
000 retail locations in the United States. The diversity of 
 






our retail channel represents a strong competitive advantage for Laird Superfood and provides us with a larger total addressable market than would be considered normal for a food brand that is
singularly focused on the grocery market. 
On
September&nbsp;23
 2020
 the Company completed its initial public offering (&#147;IPO&#148;)
 in which the Company issued and sold 3
047
500 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $22 per share
 including 397
500 shares of common
stock upon the exercise of the underwriter&#146;s option to purchase additional shares. After underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs
 net proceeds from the IPO were approximately $61
966
237. Offering costs of approximately
$1
268
Upon the closing of the
IPO
 all outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s preferred stock converted into shares of common stock
 consisting of (i) 162
 convertible preferred stock converting into
324
680 aggregate shares of common stock
 (ii) 152
 convertible preferred stock converting into 304
506 aggregate shares of common stock
 and (iii) 383
142 outstanding
 convertible preferred stock converting into 766
284 aggregate shares of common stock. 


 PBC (&#147;DMV&#148;) purchased $2
000
020 of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to the
consummation of the IPO
 at a price per share of $22. 

 2020


103 for the purpose of supporting three relief projects: (1)&nbsp;continual sanitation rotation
 (2)&nbsp;spend on increased
labor
 material and maintenance costs in the face of adversity
 and (3)&nbsp;new/existing hospitals relief initiative. The Company has reported the balance as restricted cash on the Balance Sheet as of December&nbsp;31
 2020. 


split of our common stock
 which was effected on August&nbsp;19
 2020. The split divided each outstanding share of our common stock into two shares of common stock and correspondingly adjusted the conversion prices of our convertible preferred
stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the split. All references to common stock
 options to purchase common stock
 restricted stock
 share data
 per share data and related information have been retroactively adjusted
 where
applicable
 in this Annual Report to reflect the split of our common stock
 and the corresponding adjustment of the conversion prices of our preferred stock
 as if it had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. 
 





 

 including the following: 


 as well as by expanding our presence in a variety of
Our online customer acquisition program includes paid and unpaid social media
 search
 display
and traditional media. Our products are also sold through a growing number of physical retail channels. Wholesale customers include grocery chains
 natural food outlets
 club stores
 and drug stores
 and food service customers include coffee shops
gyms
 restaurants
 hospitality venues and corporate dining services
 among others. Customer acquisition in physical retail channels depends on
 among other things
 paid promotions through retailers
 display and traditional media. 


factor affecting future performance. To accomplish this goal
 we intend to balance advertising spend between online and offline channels
 as well as balancing more targeted and measurable &#147;direct response&#148; marketing spend with advertising
focused on increasing our long-term brand recognition
Ability to Drive




diversification into multiple products each designed around daily use. Our pace of growth will be partially affected by the cadence and magnitude of new product launches over time. 


 controlling
labor and shipping costs
Ability to Expand Operating
Our ability to expand operating margins will be impacted by our ability to cover fixed general and administrative costs
Ability to Manage Our Global Supply Chain and Expand
Our ability to grow and meet future demand will be affected
by our ability to properly plan for and source inventory from a variety of suppliers located inside and outside the United States. 
 





 

effectively manage all the key working capital components that could influence our cash conversion cycle. 
Sales
We sell our products
indirectly to consumers through a broad set of physical wholesale channels. We also derive revenue from the sale of our products directly to consumers through our direct website
 as well as third-party online channels. 
Our cost of
goods sold consists primarily of raw material costs
 labor costs directly related to producing our products
 including wages and benefits
 shipping costs
 lease expenses and other factory overhead costs related to various aspects of production
warehousing and shipping. 

 research and product development
 and sales and marketing expenses. 

 including costs to comply with the rules and regulations
applicable to companies listed on a national securities exchange
 costs related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC and higher expenses for insurance
 investor relations and professional services.
We expect our general and administrative expenses will increase as our business grows. 

 2019 consisted primarily of interest related to our additional rent owed to our landlord
for landlord improvements. There was no interest expense incurred for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. 

 we do not expect any significant income tax expenses and
benefits for the foreseeable future. 
 





 
Comparison of the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 (&#147;FY2020&#148;) and December&nbsp;31
 2019 (&#147;FY2019&#148;) 

























December&nbsp;31























Sales
 net



006





103





902











204





019





185





























801





084





717



































828





201





627
































394





311





083





























730





836





894

















929





751





177


















































850





503





346















































850





503





346















448





448

































































Net loss attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders



501





055





620
























Sales
 Net 






















Years ended December&nbsp;31




















Sales
 net



006





103





902






Net sales increased by $13&nbsp;million to $26&nbsp;million in FY2020
 compared to $13&nbsp;million in FY2019.
This increase was due to a combination of growth in our online and wholesale channels
 primarily caused by an increase in sales volume. Products introduced after FY2019
 including Liquid Creamers
 Chai InstaFuel
 Orange Guava Hydrate
 Activate Daily
Greens
 Renew Protein
 Mushroom Coffee
 and four flavors of Pili Nuts
 accounted for $4&nbsp;million of gross sales in FY2020. Year-over-year gross sales growth in existing products accounted for $9&nbsp;million of the increase in gross sales in
FY2020 compared to FY2019. During FY2020
 36% of all online orders were repeat orders
 compared to 34% in FY2019
 and 30% of our direct website net sales in FY2020 came from subscription programs
 compared to 32% in FY2019. 























Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
























204





019





185







 






$8&nbsp;million in FY2019
 primarily due to sales growth in the 2020 period
 elevated labor costs
 costs primarily associated with our liquid creamer product line
 elevated air shipping


line and elevated outbound shipping costs combined with the launch of a free shipping initiative for direct online purchases made on 























Years ended December&nbsp;31
























801





084





717






Gross profit increased by $2&nbsp;million in FY2020 to $7&nbsp;million from $5&nbsp;million in FY2019
primarily due to sales growth in FY2020
 partially offset by a decrease in gross margins. Gross margin decreased to 26.2% in FY2020 compared to 38.8% in FY2019
 due to elevated labor costs
 increased
 costs primarily associated with our liquid creamer product line



online purchases made on 






















Years ended December&nbsp;31










































828





201





627
































394





311





083





























730





836





894
























General and administrative expense increased by $4&nbsp;million in FY2020 to $9&nbsp;million from
$5&nbsp;million in FY2019
 primarily due to IPO related expenses for accelerated stock option vesting
 discretionary bonuses
 professional fees
 as well as an asset impairment recorded during the second quarter. 

Sales and marketing expense increased by $2&nbsp;million in
FY2020 to $10&nbsp;million from $8&nbsp;million in FY2019
 primarily due to increased advertising and payroll
 as well as a stock option modification expense. 























Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31








































Other income is composed of interest income


 dividend income
 and grant income. Interest income
 primarily related to interest income on investment securities
available-for-sale
 decreased to $65&nbsp;thousand in FY2020 compared to $229&nbsp;thousand in FY2019 due to lower interest rate on invested balances. Gain on the sale
 securities was $14&nbsp;thousand in FY2020 compared to $8&nbsp;thousand in FY2019. There was no grant income in FY2020 compared to
$50&nbsp;thousand in FY2019. 
 





 






















Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31





































Benefit from income taxes remained at $0 in FY2020 and FY2019
 as we maintain a full valuation allowance
related to our net deferred tax assets
 primarily due to our historical net loss position. Due to our history of operating losses and expectation of future operating losses
 we do not expect any significant income tax expenses or benefits for the
foreseeable future. 

 2020
 we had incurred accumulated net losses of $32&nbsp;million
 including operating losses of $13&nbsp;million and
$9&nbsp;million for FY2020 and FY2019
 respectively. We expect to incur additional operating losses as we continue efforts to grow our business
 and we expect to incur additional expenses associated with being a public company. We have historically
financed our operations and capital expenditures through private placements of our preferred stock and common stock
 our Initial Public Offering
 as well as lines of credit and term loans. 

As of December&nbsp;31
 2020
 we had $66&nbsp;million of
 and investments and $11&nbsp;million of available borrowings under our lines of credit. As of December&nbsp;31
 2019


 2020
 and December&nbsp;31
 2019
 we had
$51&nbsp;thousand outstanding under our forgivable loans with the City of Sisters
 Oregon and no amounts were outstanding under our lines of credit. 

000 square foot warehouse under construction by a third party adjacent to our current buildings while we
intend to lease and have purchased five adjoining lots providing opportunity for expansion of our campus if needed. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors
 including our growth rate
 the timing and extent of spending to support
research and development efforts
 the continued expansion of sales and marketing activities
 the enhancement of our product platforms
 the introduction of new products and acquisition activity. We expect to continue to incur operating losses for the
foreseeable future and may require additional capital resources to continue to grow our business. We believe that current cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital requirements for at least the next 12 months
following the date of this report. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong
 and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. In addition
 if additional financing is required from outside
sources
Comparison of the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and
December&nbsp;31
 2019 





















December&nbsp;31















746





433







280





931







231





029

















203





335













 





 

 there were increases in
 costs associated with our liquid creamer product line
 elevated air shipping costs for additional raw materials in response to an unanticipated increase in demand


 and elevated outbound shipping costs combined with the launch of a free shipping
. In addition
 to ensure we are able to keep up with growing customer demand with limited disruptions in distributions
 we also made substantial increases to our inventory. 


available-for-sale



generating net proceeds of approximately $64&nbsp;million from the IPO and concurrent private placement made by DMV. Offering costs of approximately $1&nbsp;million were recognized as a reduction of


December&nbsp;31
 2020: 














































































































































126










177




















Operating lease obligations related to our manufacturing facility leases dated March&nbsp;1
 2018 and
December&nbsp;17
 2018. 

 as our Chief Executive Officer reviews financial information on an aggregate basis
for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. 

which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial 
 






statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our
financial statements. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates and judgments
 including those related to accrued expenses and share-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience
 known trends and events
 and various other
factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may



We recognize
revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606
 (&#147;ASC 606&#148;)
 which we adopted January&nbsp;1
 2019. Under ASC 606
 we recognize
revenue in accordance with a five-step model in which we evaluate the transfer of promised goods or services and recognize revenue when our customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which we
expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that we determine are within the scope of ASC 606
 we perform the following five steps: (1)&nbsp;identify the contract(s)
with a customer
 (2)&nbsp;identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (3)&nbsp;determine the transaction price
 (4)&nbsp;allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (5)&nbsp;recognize revenue when (or
as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We have elected
 as a practical expedient
 to account for the shipping and handling as fulfillment costs
 rather than as a separate performance obligation. Revenue is reported net of applicable
provisions for discounts
 returns and allowances. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on customer pricing and promotional practices. We will record reductions to revenue for estimated product returns and pricing adjustments
in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. These estimates will be based on industry-based historical data
 historical sales returns
 if any
 analysis of credit memo data
 and other factors known at the time. 
The
compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions is recognized in the financial statements. The cost is measured based on the grant date fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Compensation cost for all employee stock
awards is calculated and recognized over the employees&#146; service period
 generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded-vesting
 compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the
entire award. Compensation cost for all consultant stock awards is calculated and recognized over the consultant&#146;s service period based on the grant date fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Upon exercise of stock awards
recipients are issued shares of common stock. 

deferred tax assets and liabilities. We may also be subject to interest and penalties from taxing authorities on underpayment of income taxes. In such an event
 interest and penalties are included in income tax expense. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. The differences relate primarily to depreciable assets (use of different depreciation methods and lives for
financial statement and income tax purposes) and net operating losses. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and
liabilities are recovered or settled. Due to the historical net loss position of the Company
 we recorded a full deferred tax valuation allowance as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and December&nbsp;31
 2019. 
 





 

 and we do not currently have
 sheet
arrangements
 as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 







 















































Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders&#146; Equity (Deficit)


















 





 
Laird
Superfood
 Inc. 

 Inc (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 the
related statements of operations
 comprehensive loss
 convertible preferred stock and stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#147;financial statements&#148;). In
our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Company&#146;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#147;PCAOB&#148;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

March 16
 2021 

 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC. 




















December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2020


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2019


























208





004



Accounts receivable
 net











Investment securities




706





485







295





435







847


































995





044























Property and equipment
 net



263





153






























696





057





























347





357

















342





402













Liabilities
 Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders&#146; Equity























315














































743





516







































































794





567

































Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 and 1
329
680 shares authorized as of
December&nbsp;31
 2020 and December&nbsp;31
 2019
 Preferred Stock
 0 shares issued
 and outstanding as of December&nbsp;31
 2020; 1
177
426 shares authorized
 162
340 issued and
outstanding
 and 609
078 undesignated as of December&nbsp;31
 Preferred Stock 0&nbsp;shares issued
 and outstanding as of December&nbsp;31
 2020; 152
253 shares authorized
 issued
 and
outstanding as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2019







722





















722























Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 9
600
000 shares authorized as of
December&nbsp;31
 2020 and December&nbsp;31
 2019; 9
247
758 and 8
892
886 issued and outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2020
 respectively; 4
551
950 and 4
188
558 issued and outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2019
 respectively















452





184


















927





076

















548





111













Total liabilities
 convertible preferred stock and stockholders&#146; equity



342





402













 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC. 















December











Sales
 net



006





103







204





019

















801





084























Salaries
 wages and benefits



533





423







424





















































































































828





201























Salaries
 wages and benefits

























































































Salaries
 wages and benefits



669





609



















457





131







592





157





















































394





311

















730





836

















929





751



































Gain on sale of






































































850





503



























850





503





















448



































Net loss attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders



501





055













Net loss per share attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc common stockholders:

















































Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net loss per share of common
stock



546





668













 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC. 















December&nbsp;31















850





503



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax

























































835





504
















The Company maintains a full valuation allowance related to our net deferred tax assets
 primarily due to our
The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC. 





























































































Balances
 January&nbsp;1
 2019








727









590










300









572































































































































































































697













698




























145













145











































Other comprehensive income
 net of tax














































500







































448

















448













448










































































503





503









































Balances
 December&nbsp;31
 2019








722









188










184









076





111




























318













318






























































































000































Beneficial conversion feature on Preferred


















































































 proceeds to
warrant

































































































































575









395










573













575



















276










107













110



























268













268



Other comprehensive income
 net of tax















































































































850





850









































Balances
 December&nbsp;31
 2020















892










452










927





548









































 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC. 















For&nbsp;the&nbsp;Years&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31

























850





503







































318





































































859





253







256

















131













































































746





433























Purchase of property
 equipment
 and software



059





423














Purchase of investment securities




171





493








950





000

















280





931































000











000







110





698











503







000











268







































145





























231





029

















203





335







004





340

















208





004













































information

















448













Unrealized gain (loss) on

























575







































Purchases of land included in prepaids and other current assets at the beginning of the
period




















 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 






 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148; or &#147;Laird
Superfood&#148;)
 a Delaware corporation. On July&nbsp;3
 2018
 the Company entered into a plan of conversion and was converted from a corporation under the laws of the State of Oregon to a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware with an
updated par value of $0.001 per share of common stock. 

 Inc. is an emerging consumer products platform focused on manufacturing and marketing highly differentiated
 plant-based and
functional foods from its headquarters in Sisters
 Oregon. The core pillars of the Laird Superfood platform are currently Superfood Creamer coffee creamers
 Hydrate hydration products and beverage enhancing supplements
 and roasted and instant
coffees
 teas and hot chocolate. The Company was founded in 2015. 

 2020
 the Company completed its initial public offering (&#147;IPO&#148;)
 in which the Company issued and sold 3
047
500
shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $22 per share
 including 397
500 shares of common stock upon the exercise of the underwriter&#146;s option to purchase additional shares. After underwriting discounts and commissions and other
offering costs
 net proceeds from the IPO were approximately $61
966
237. Offering costs of approximately $1
268
772 were recognized as a reduction of 

 all outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s preferred stock converted into shares of common stock
 consisting of
(i)&nbsp;162
 convertible preferred stock converting into 324
680 aggregate shares of common stock
 (ii)&nbsp;152


506 aggregate shares of common stock
 and (iii)&nbsp;383
 convertible preferred stock
converting into 766
284 aggregate shares of common stock. 

 PBC (&#147;DMV&#148;) purchased 90
910 shares of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to
the consummation of the IPO for a total purchase price of $2
000
020
 at a price per share of $22. 

principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) as contained within the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) and rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;). Operating results include the years ended December&nbsp;31
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues
 and expenses during the 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


reporting period. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on historical experience
 known trends and events and various other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the
circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Although management believes its estimates and assumptions are reasonable
when made
 they are based upon information available at the time they are made. Management evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and
 if necessary
 makes adjustments. Due to the risks and uncertainties involved in the
Company&#146;s business and evolving market conditions and given the subjective element of the estimates and assumptions made
 actual results may differ from estimated results. The most significant estimates and judgments impact allowances for
doubtful accounts and returns
 inventory obsolescence
 valuation allowance for deferred taxes
 fair value of stock-based compensation
 beneficial conversion feature
 and discount on warrants. 
The Company
currently has one operating segment. In accordance with ASC 280
 (&#147;ASC 280&#148;)
 the Company considers operating segments to be components of the Company&#146;s business for which separate financial information is
available and is evaluated regularly by management in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Management reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocation of resources and evaluating
financial performance. Accordingly
Substantially all
See Note 16 for additional information regarding sales by
Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 and Restricted Cash 

 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash are highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. For
the purposes of the statements of cash flows
 the Company includes cash on hand
 cash in clearing accounts
 cash on deposit with financial institutions
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less
 and restricted cash in
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash reported
within the balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statement of cash flows. 














December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;31







909





004
























Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows



208





004












Amounts in restricted cash represent those that are required to be set aside by contractual agreement. On
December&nbsp;3
 2020
 the Company entered into an agreement with DMV
 which provided the Company $298
 relief projects. The restriction will be
released upon the completion of the projects. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 

 

equivalents. At times
 cash and cash equivalents balances may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) insurable limits. The Company&#146;s investment account (recognized as cash and cash equivalents) is with what the
 amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurable limits as of
December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 approximated $6
639
821 and $456
104
Accounts Receivable
 net 

 net consists principally of trade receivables
 which are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of allowances for doubtful
accounts. Trade receivables do not bear interest. Receivables are considered past due or delinquent according to contract terms. Management closely monitors outstanding balances and writes off accounts receivable as they are determined
uncollectible. The Company provides for estimated losses on accounts receivable based on prior bad debt experience and a review of existing receivables. Based on these factors
 management determined no allowance for doubtful accounts was required as
of December&nbsp;31
 2020. As of December&nbsp;31
 2019
 management established a $14
786 allowance for doubtful accounts. 


securities and are reported at fair value
 with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported as other comprehensive income or loss
 net of income taxes. Management determines the appropriate classification of securities at the
 securities are
determined using the specific-identification method. 
(first-in

or net realizable value and consists primarily of raw materials and packaging and finished goods. As of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 inventory was comprised of the following: 















December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;31







109





187







186





248

















295





435












The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-offs of inventory based on
current market assessment
 which are charged to cost of goods sold. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020
 the Company recorded $421
565 in inventory obsolescence primarily related to the Company&#146;s liquid creamer product line. For the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2019
 the Company did not have a charge related to inventory obsolescence
 as the majority of products manufactured consisted of powder-based products which have an extensive shelf life. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


 2020 and 2019
 the Company had a total of $958
166 and $100
387
respectively
 of prepayments for future raw materials inventory
Property and
Property and equipment are valued at cost
 net of accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs
that do not extend the useful life or increase the value of the assets are charged to expense in the period incurred. Additions and betterments are capitalized. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets. Estimated useful lives for depreciation purposes for furniture and factory equipment range from 3 to 10 years. The useful life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the lease term or the useful life. Depreciation expense is
allocated to general and administrative expenses and cost of goods sold upon the sale of inventory. For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 depreciation expense was $474
621 and $300
561
 respectively. 

 2020 and 2019
 the Company had a total of $0 and $14
699
 respectively
 of deposits for future equipment purchases
which is included in deposits on the balance sheets. 

 which have met all criteria to be classified as held for sale
 are disclosed separately
on the balance sheet. Fixed assets held for sale are measured at the lower of the assets carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell
 and depreciation is no longer recorded. Fixed assets held for sale as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 include the
Company&#146;s intermittent motion form (&#147;IMF&#148;) production line. The Company had no fixed assets held for sale as of December&nbsp;31
 2019. The Company determined a fair value less costs to sell of $250
000 for all assets associated with
the IMF production line. As the determined fair value is less than the net carrying value of the assets
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $239
734 and $0 during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. 
Deferred rent
includes tenant improvement costs that were incurred by the landlord
 RII Lundgren Mill
 LLC
 of the Company&#146;s leased space and were reimbursed by the Company. These amounts are treated
as additional rents and are expensed straight-line over the life of the lease. 

 in which the Company evaluates the transfer
of promised goods or services and recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or


with a customer
 (2)&nbsp;identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (3)&nbsp;determine the transaction price
 (4)&nbsp;allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (5)&nbsp;recognize revenue when (or
as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. See Note 16 for additional information regarding revenue recognition. The Company has elected
 as a practical expedient
 to account for the shipping and handling as fulfillment costs
 rather than as
a separate performance obligation. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


on customer pricing and promotional practices. The Company records reductions to revenue and a refund liability for estimated product returns and pricing adjustments in the same period that the
related revenue is recorded. These estimates will be based on industry-based historical data
 historical sales returns
 if any
 analysis of credit memo data
 and other factors known at the time. 
Cost of goods
sold includes material
 labor
 and overhead costs incurred in the storage and distribution of products sold in the period. Material costs include the cost of products purchased. Labor and overhead costs consist of indirect product costs
 including
wages and benefits for manufacturing
 planning
 and logistics personnel
 depreciation
Shipping and Handling
Costs of shipping and handling related to sales revenue are included in cost of goods sold. Shipping and handling costs totaled
$4
074
802 and $1
751
142 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Income generated from shipping costs billed through to customers was included in Sales
 net in the statements of operations. Shipping income totaled
$248
865 and $464
551 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. 

operations. Research and product development expense was $508
170 and $324
284 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. 
Advertising and
marketing costs are expensed when incurred. Advertising and marketing expenses for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 was $6
049
393 and $4
289
252
 respectively. 
Income taxes provide
for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of income taxes currently due and deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company may also be subject to interest and penalties from taxing authorities on
underpayment of income taxes. In such an event
 interest and penalties are included in income tax expense. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and
income tax purposes. The differences relate primarily to depreciable assets (use of different depreciation methods and lives for financial statement and income tax purposes) and net operating losses. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent
the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Due to the historical net loss position of the Company
 the Company recorded a full
deferred tax valuation allowance of $7
563
110 and $4
584
174 as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. 

repurchase transactions. There were two common stock repurchase transactions during 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020
 totaling 1
416 shares of common stock and $20
532. There were eight common stock repurchase transactions during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2019
totaling 92
246 shares of common stock and $1
145
968. Repurchases were valued at a price consistent with or less than the most recent private equity offering by the Company. 
The
compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions is recognized in the financial statements. The cost is measured based on the grant date fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Compensation cost for all employee stock
awards is calculated and recognized over the employees&#146; service period
 generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded-vesting
 compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the
entire award. Compensation cost for all consultant stock awards is calculated and recognized over the consultant&#146;s service period based on the grant date fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Upon exercise of stock option
awards or vesting of restricted stock units
 forfeitures result in the reversal of all compensation cost as of the date of termination
 post-vesting
cancellation does not. 

period. Diluted earnings per share is similarly determined
 except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common stock and preferred
stock had been issued and are calculated under the treasury stock method. Due to the Company&#146;s net loss
 all stock options
 unvested restricted stock
 and convertible preferred stock are anti-dilutive and excluded. 
The Company&#146;s
 split of the Company&#146;s common stock
 which was effected on August&nbsp;19
 2020. The split divided each share
of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock into two shares of common stock and correspondingly adjusted the conversion prices of its convertible preferred stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the split. The split
was effective upon filing of the Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on August&nbsp;19


Issued
and detachable stock warrants are classified as equity or liability instruments based on the specific terms of the underlying warrant agreement. In circumstances where debt or equity is issued with detachable warrants
 the proceeds from issuance are
allocated to each instrument based on an acceptable method
 which generally involves determining the fair value of one or more of the instruments. In conjunction with the Company&#146;s initial public offering
 the warrant outstanding was cancelled.
See additional information in Note 12. 

 2015
 the Company entered into a license agreement with the Company&#146;s 
Laird Hamilton (the &#147;LH License&#148;). The LH License stated Laird Hamilton&#146;s contribution to the Company was in the 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


form of intellectual property
 granting the Company the right to use Laird Hamilton&#146;s name and likeness. This contribution
 which was reported on the balance sheets as of December&nbsp;31
2020 and 2019
 was valued at $132
000 and satisfied with the issuance of 660
000 shares of common stock. The Company has determined that the intangible asset associated with the LH License has an indefinite life
 as there is no foreseeable limit on
the period of time over which it is expected to contribute to the cash flows of the Company. Please see Note 15 for more information on the Company&#146;s related party transaction with Mr. Hamilton. 

 2018
 the Company entered into a license agreement with Gabrielle Reece
 who is married to Mr. Hamilton (the &#147;GR
License&#148;). Pursuant to the GR License
 Ms. Reece granted the Company rights to her name
 signature
 voice
 picture
 image
 likeness and biographical information commencing on July&nbsp;1
 2015. This contribution
 which is reported on the
balance sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 was valued at $100 based on the consideration exchanged. The Company has determined that the intangible asset associated with the GR License has an indefinite life
 as there is no foreseeable
limit on the period of time over which it is expected to contribute to the cash flows of the Company. Please see Note 15 for more information on the Company&#146;s related party transaction with Ms. Reece. 

 2018
 the Company executed a License and Preservation Agreement with Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece which
superseded the predecessor license agreements with both individuals. The agreement added specific terms related to noncompetition and allowable usage of the property under the license. No additional consideration was exchanged in connection with the
On May&nbsp;26
 2020
 the Company executed a License and Preservation
Agreement with Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton
 and Ms.&nbsp;Reece (the &#147;2020 License&#148;)
 which superseded the predecessor license and preservation agreement with both individuals. Among other modifications
 the agreement (i)&nbsp;modified certain
approval rights of Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece for use of their respective images
 signatures
 voices
 and names (other than those owned by the Company)
 rights of publicity and common law and statutory rights to the foregoing in the
Company&#146;s products
 (ii)&nbsp;modified certain assignment
 change of control and indemnification provisions
 and (iii)&nbsp;granted the Company the right to extend the term of the agreement for additional
 year term. No additional consideration was exchanged in connection with the agreement. As indefinite-lived
intangibles
 the Company assesses qualitative factors each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances exist that indicate that the fair values of the licensing agreements were less than the carrying amounts. Upon considering
these factors
 the Company determined it was more likely than not that the fair values of the 2020 License were not less than the carrying amounts; therefore
 the Company recognized no impairment for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019.
The
Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) plan (the &#147;401(k) plan&#148;) for all employees&nbsp;18&nbsp;years or older. The 401(k) plan was initiated on July&nbsp;1


 limited by Internal Revenue Service regulations. For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company did not match employee contributions. 
The
Company qualifies as an &#147;emerging growth company
&#148; as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &#147;JOBS Act&#148;). Under the JOBS Act
 emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting
standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. An emerging growth company can elect to use this extended transition 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that it (i)&nbsp;is no longer an
emerging growth company or (ii)&nbsp;affirmatively and irrevocably opts out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. Currently
 the Company has elected to file as an emerging growth company defined under the JOBS Act
 and as such
these financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with the new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 




 and its related amendments (collectively known as ASC
606) effective on January&nbsp;1
 2019 using the modified retrospective method with no material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations and liquidity. Please see Note 16 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; for the required
disclosures related to the impact of adopting this standard and a discussion of the Company&#146;s updated policies related to revenue recognition and accounting for costs to obtain and fulfill a customer contract. 



 is effective for public companies
for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018 and for interim periods within
fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 on January&nbsp;1
 2019 with no material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations and
In November 2016


 The new guidance requires that the reconciliation of the
 amounts shown in the statement of cash flows
include cash
 was effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those periods
 using a retrospective
 on January&nbsp;1
 2019 with no material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations and liquidity
 or
statement of cash flows in any period prior to Q4 2020. Restricted cash amounting approximately $298
103 as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 is included in cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning and ending balances in the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows. Please refer to Note 1

 Cash Equivalents
 and Restricted Cash





 is effective for public entities for years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 including interim periods within that year. For all other entities
 the
amendments are effective for years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2019
 and interim periods with years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2020. Early adoption is permitted


 did not
have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
In February 2016




 which is a lessee&#146;s

 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 asset
which is an asset that represents the lessee&#146;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance
 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. A modified retrospective transition approach for leases
existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements must be applied. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired
before the earliest comparative period presented. The new standard is effective for emerging growth companies that have elected to use private company adoption dates for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2021
 and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2022. The Company plans to adopt the new standard effective for the year ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU




 (issued April 2019)
 (issued May 2019)
 
(issued November 2019)
 (issued March 2020). Topic 326 modifies the measurement and recognition of credit losses for most
financial assets and certain other instruments
 requiring the use of forward-looking expected credit loss models based on historical experience
 current economic conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of
the reported amount
 which may result in earlier recognition of credit losses under the new standard. It also requires that credit losses related to 
debt securities be recorded as an allowance through net income rather than reducing the carrying amount under the current
 other-than-temporary-impairment model. The standard requires a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative effect
 is effective for the Company&#146;s annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has not
yet evaluated the potential impact of this pronouncement. 

issued. The Company has evaluated events and transactions subsequent to December&nbsp;31
 2020 for potential recognition of disclosure in the financial statements. 

 2021
 the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Laird Superfood
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) approved a form of
annual cash incentive plan (the &#147;Bonus Plan&#148;). The Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 other full-time executives and key employees are eligible to participate in the Bonus Plan
 subject to the discretion of
the Compensation Committee. The Bonus Plan provides participants the opportunity to earn an annual cash payment based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals. 

 2021
 the Compensation Committee adopted performance goals and target payment amounts relating to the 2021 fiscal year. The
2021 performance goals consist of achieving net revenue targets (weighted at 75%)
 gross margin targets (weighted at 15%)
 and the demonstration of certain Company values (weighted at 10%). 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 






 2020 and 2019: 















December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;31







446
































Prepaid
 other




























































847























 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following: 



































December&nbsp;31
 2020





















692














706





















Total investment securities




692














706























































December&nbsp;31
 2019





















485













485





















Total investment securities




485













485




















The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities as of December&nbsp;31
 2020
 by
contractual maturity
 are shown below: 

















December&nbsp;31
 2020











692





706













Total investment securities




692





706












Investment securities with an estimated fair value of $8
706
844 and $5
485
209 as of December&nbsp;31
 2020
and 2019
 respectively
 were pledged to secure our revolving line of credit. See Note 5 for additional information. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


950
000 during the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2020. The Company also recorded two sales and recognized a gain of $13
927 during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. The Company had maturities of five investment securities totaling $7
000
000 during the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2019 and recognized a gain of $7
664. 











Level&nbsp;1&#151;quoted prices in active markets for identical securities as of the reporting date;






Level&nbsp;2&#151;other significant directly or indirectly observable inputs
 including quoted prices for similar
securities
 interest rates
 prepayment speeds and credit risk; and 





Level&nbsp;3&#151;significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources
 including our own
The factors or methodology used for valuing securities are not necessarily an
The following tables summarize assets subject to fair value
measurements: 
















Fair Value as of December&nbsp;31
 2020


















706



























Fair Value as of December&nbsp;31
 2019














485










The Company believes the carrying amounts of Cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash
 Accounts receivable
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
 Deposits
 Other Assets
 Accounts payable
 Payroll liabilities and Accrued expenses are a reasonable approximation of the fair value of those financial instruments because of the nature of the underlying
The Company believes that fair values of U.S. Agency Bonds issued by the Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation are determined using the spread above the risk-free yield curve. As the yields for the risk-free yield curve and the spreads for these securities are observable market inputs
 the fair values of U.S. agency bonds are
included in the Level&nbsp;2 fair value hierarchy. 
 assets
 such as License agreements-intangibles
 Inventory and Property
and equipment
 net
During the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2020
 long-lived assets were classified as held for sale
 tested for impairment
 and written down to their estimated fair values less costs to sell
 and were included in assets held for sale as of December&nbsp;31
 2020. The
Level&nbsp;3 fair values of the long-lived assets were determined using the income approach. The unobservable inputs to the income approach included the assets&#146; estimated future cash flows upon 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


sale
 as the determined fair value is less than the net carrying value of the assets
 as depicted below. The Company recorded an impairment loss of $239
734 during the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2020. 














December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;31






























 2019
 the Company entered into a revolving line of credit with First Interstate Bank (&#147;FIB&#148;) in a principal
amount not exceeding $5
000
000. The line of credit is secured by the Company&#146;s investment account held at FIB. The outstanding amounts under the line of credit have an interest rate calculated as LIBOR plus 2.0% per annum until paid in full.
The loan agreement was renewed by the Company on February&nbsp;26
 2020 and has a maturity date of February&nbsp;5
 2021. The balance on the line of credit was $0 as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019. Management was in compliance with all financial
covenants as of December&nbsp;31
On August&nbsp;10
 2017
 the Company entered into a revolving line of credit with East
Asset Management
 LLC (&#147;East&#148;) in a principal amount not exceeding the lesser of the borrowing base or $3
000
000. Upon the mutual agreement of the Company and East
 the primary revolving line of credit may be expanded to $10
000
000
subject to an increase in the borrowing base. The borrowing base is comprised of (a)&nbsp;up to 90% of eligible accounts receivable aged 90 days or less from due date utilizing the average of a trailing three months of actual book value
 plus
(b)&nbsp;up to 90% of inventory and prepaid inventory book values utilizing the average of a trailing three months of actual book value. The outstanding amounts under the line of credit have a fixed interest rate of 15% per annum until paid in full
and the line of credit has a maturity date of August&nbsp;10
 2022. In the event of default
 the interest rate would increase to 20% while such default exists. The line of credit is secured by a security interest in accounts receivable and
inventory. The balance on the line of credit was $0 as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019. Management was in compliance with all financial covenants as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019. 

000 is available to the Company
 which is not subject to the requirements of the
borrowing base. The secondary line of credit is secured by a security interest in the Company&#146;s accounts receivable and inventory. The secondary line is available with the same draw and payback conditions as the primary line. 

offerings at a 20% price per share discount
 excluding (a)&nbsp;shares representing
 in the aggregate
 not more than five percent of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully-diluted basis
 issued to employees
 consultants
or directors pursuant to incentive plans; (b)&nbsp;shares issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger
 consolidation
 strategic alliance
 acquisition or similar business combination; (c)&nbsp;shares issued in connection with any
distribution dividend
 conversion or recapitalization; (d)&nbsp;shares issued pursuant to any bona fide arms&#146; length equipment loan or leasing agreement
 real property leasing agreement
 or debt financing from a financial institution;
(e)&nbsp;shares issued in connection with strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities
 such as joint ventures
 manufacturing
 marketing or distribution agreements (provided that in the case of clauses (d)&nbsp;and (e)
 such
issuance represents ten percent or more of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully-diluted basis); and (f)&nbsp;shares issued pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 in
connection with an initial public offering. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 




















December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;31



Forgivable loan
 City of Sisters












































 2017
 the Company entered into a forgivable loan agreement with the City of Sisters in the amount of $51
000. This forgivable
loan was issued to help the Company expand its business operations in the city of Sisters
 Oregon through eligible jobs. The Company had until May&nbsp;30
 2020 to create jobs for 30 full-time employees with an average annual salary of $40
000 per
person
 and
 once created and filled
 the Company must maintain those jobs for an additional period of three years for the loan to be converted to a grant. If the requirements are not met
 the Company is required to pay the loan in full
 including
interest of eight&nbsp;percent per annum on the unpaid principal amount. The Company created the eligible jobs as of April&nbsp;1
Deschutes
On April&nbsp;11
 2018
 the Company entered into a forgivable loan agreement with Deschutes County
 Oregon in an amount up
to $50
000. This forgivable loan was issued to help the Company expand its business operations in the city of Sisters
 Oregon by increasing employment and investing in equipment and building improvements. Per the agreement
 the Company had until
December&nbsp;31
 2019 to create jobs for 25 full-time employees with an average annual salary of $47
960 per person
 and
 once created and filled
 must maintain those eligible jobs for an additional period of one year for the loan to be converted
to a grant. If the requirements are not met
 the Company would have been required to pay the loan in full
 including interest of eight percent per annum on the unpaid principal amount. The Company created the eligible jobs as of March&nbsp;19
 2018
and received funds from the forgivable loan on June&nbsp;22
 requirement
 and the loan was converted to a grant effective June&nbsp;12
 2019. 




Property and Equipment
 Net 

 net is comprised of the following as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019: 















December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;31







418





011





















































157





619

























Property and equipment
 net



263





153













 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 






 2020
 management approved a plan to dispose of the Company&#146;s intermittent motion form (&#147;IMF&#148;) production line
for its powder-based products. The Company determined a fair value of $250
000 for all assets associated with the IMF production line. No further commissions or sales costs (including shipping costs) are anticipated with the sale of the asset. The
assets attributable to the production line have been classified as assets held for sale and are presented separately on the balance sheet. As the determined fair value is less than the net carrying value of the assets
 the Company recorded an
impairment loss of $239
734 during year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. The Company recorded no impairment loss for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2019. The major classes of assets comprising the fixed assets classified as held for sale as of
December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 are as follows: 














December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;31


















































 LLC
 dated March&nbsp;1
 2018. The lease
commenced March&nbsp;1
 2018 with monthly payments of $6
475
 to escalate after 24 months by the lesser of 3% or the Consumer Price Index (&#147;CPI&#148;) adjustment. The initial lease term is ten years
 and the Company has the option to renew the
lease for two additional five-year periods. The landlord has paid for many tenant improvements and the Company has committed to reimbursing the landlord
 in additional rents
 for specific improvements. On November&nbsp;20
 2018
 the Company
completed the reimbursement of $797
471. The Company also issued the landlord 2
000 stock options on April&nbsp;15
 2018 with a strike price of $7.50 per share in conjunction with this lease agreement. 

 LLC
 dated
December&nbsp;17
 2018. The lease commenced on July&nbsp;1
 2019 with monthly payments of $12
784
 to escalate after 24 months by the lesser of 3% or the CPI adjustment. The initial lease term is ten years
 and the Company has the option to renew
the lease for two additional five-year periods. The landlord has paid for many tenant improvements and the Company has committed to reimbursing the landlord
 in additional rents
 for specific improvements. On December&nbsp;20
 2018
 the Company
completed the initial reimbursement of $1
202
529. The Company made the final reimbursement in the amount of $1
399
001 on December&nbsp;31
 2019. 

 2019
 the Company executed and commenced an agricultural license agreement for the lease of agricultural land in Hanalei
Hawaii with PRW Princeville Development Company LLC (the &#147;Hanalei Agricultural License&#148;). Total monthly payments will be the greater of $1
000 or eight percent of total monthly gross sales of the business done and/or generated on
 in
 into
or from the premises. The initial lease term is five years
 with one option to extend the term by five years. The agreement was subsequently amended on September&nbsp;19
 2019 to include a termination clause if the storefront and property in the
Hanalei
 Hawaii Lease
 discussed below
 is not executed. The amendment also expanded the permitted access to include access through other property to the public roadway. On November&nbsp;3
 2020
 the Company and PRW Princeville Development Company
LLC entered a termination and release agreement
 terminating the Hanalei Agricultural License effective as of October&nbsp;30
 2020. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


 2019
 the Company executed a license agreement with PRW Princeville
Development Company LLC for storefront and property in Hanalei
 Hawaii (the &#147;Hanalei Retail License&#148;). Initially
 total monthly payments will be the greater of $1
000 or eight percent of total monthly gross sales of the business done
and/or generated on
 in
 into or from the property. The initial lease term is five years
 with one option to extend the term by five years. The agreement will commence upon receipt of applicable permits
 and if not obtained by January&nbsp;1
 2020
the lease will terminate. The agreement was subsequently amended on September&nbsp;19
 2019 to extend the initial permitting period from January&nbsp;1
 2020 to July&nbsp;1
 2020
 and the payment terms to include the monthly minimum lease payment
due the first of the month
 with a reconciliation to gross sales in the subsequent month. The agreement was subsequently amended on July&nbsp;23
 2020 to extend the initial permitting period from July&nbsp;1
 2020 to April&nbsp;15
 2021. On
November&nbsp;3
 2020
 the Company and PRW Princeville Development Company LLC entered a termination and release agreement
 terminating the Hanalei Retail License effective as of October&nbsp;30
 2020. 

 2020
 the Company executed a commercial lease agreement for storage space with A Logistics
 LLC. The initial lease term is
six months and commenced on March&nbsp;26
 2020. Monthly payments are $7
000. Under mutual agreement of both parties
 the Company is continuing to lease the warehouse space on a
The following table sets forth the
amounts of our significant contractual obligations and commitments with definitive payment terms as of December&nbsp;31
 2020: 














































































































































126










177




















Operating lease obligations related to our manufacturing facility leases dated March&nbsp;1
 2018 and
December&nbsp;17
Rent expense is allocated to general and administrative expenses and cost of goods sold upon
the sale of inventory. Rent expense for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 was $856
680 and $520
835
 respectively. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 






reconciliation of the differences for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 was as follows: 
























727





785































978





176






















































The Company had a tax net loss for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 and therefore expects no
assessment of income taxes for such periods. Additionally
 the net deferred tax assets are fully allowed for. Accordingly
 there was no provision for
 or benefit from
 income taxes reported for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019. The
Company&#146;s deferred tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019: 














December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;31

















332





470







112





285






























































298





809








































































563





584







563





584
































The Company assesses its deferred tax assets and liabilities to determine if it is more likely than not they
will be realized; if not
 a valuation allowance is required to be recorded. Based on this guidance
 the Company provided a valuation allowance for the full amount. The net increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 was $2
978
937 and $2
176
799
 respectively. This valuation allowance included the estimated tax liability of $2
983 related to the unrealized gain

 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


 as of December&nbsp;31
 2020. As of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
the Company had U.S. federal net operating losses (&#147;NOLs&#148;) totaling approximately $27
528
486 and $17
117
760
 respectively. The Company had federal NOLs as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 totaling approximately $1
868
077 from 2017 and
prior years that can be carried forward for 20 years
 which begin to expire in 2036. As of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 the Company had federal NOLs totaling approximately $25
660
409 and $15
249
683
 respectively
 from 2018 through 2020 that can
GAAP requires management to evaluate and report information regarding its exposure to various tax
positions taken by the Company. The Company has determined whether there are any tax positions that have met the recognition threshold and has measured the Company&#146;s exposure to those tax positions. Management believes that the Company has
The Company files income tax returns in
the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. U.S. and state jurisdictions have statutes of limitations that generally range from three to five years. 





 2020
 to provide for the grant of
stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 deferred stock units
 unrestricted stock
 dividend equivalent rights
 performance shares and other performance-based awards
 other equity-based awards and cash bonus
awards to Company employees
 employees of the Company&#146;s affiliates
 directors and certain consultants and advisors. The Company is authorized to award 1
000
000 shares. Previously
 the
Company had adopted its 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (together with the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 the &#147;Stock Incentive Plans&#148;)
 under which the Company had issued stock options and restricted stock units.
Following the effective date of the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 no additional awards may be made under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan or 2016 Stock Incentive Plan. The Stock Incentive Plans were established to provide eligible individuals with an
incentive to contribute to the Company&#146;s success and to operate and manage the Company&#146;s business in a manner that will provide for its long-term growth and profitability and that will benefit the Company&#146;s shareholders and other
stakeholders
 including employees and customers. The Stock Incentive Plans are also intended to provide a means of recruiting
 rewarding and retaining key personnel. 

purpose. For options
 the strike price is equal to the fair market value of the Company&#146;s stock price at the date of grant. Generally
 options become exercisable based on years of service and vesting schedules
 and expire after (i)&nbsp;a
period of ten years from the date of grant
 (ii)&nbsp;three months following the date of termination of employment from the Company
 (iii)&nbsp;one year following the date of termination from the Company by reason of death or disability
(iv)&nbsp;the date of termination of employment for cause
 or (v)&nbsp;the fifth anniversary of the date of the grant if it is held by a 10&nbsp;percent or greater stockholder. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019: 






















December&nbsp;31
 2020
















Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2020
















799














































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2020
















433





















Exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2020
















684











































December&nbsp;31
 2019
















Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2019
















057














































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2019
















799





















Exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2019
















265




















The stock-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period for all awards.
As a result of applying the provisions of ASC 718
 &#147;Compensation- Stock Compensation&#148; (&#147;ASC 718&#148;)
 the Company recognized stock compensation expense for stock options of $937
366 and $846
436 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
2020 and 2019
At December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 there was $1
990
834 and $1
474
669
 respectively
 of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to 

 2020
 the Company granted 15
646 shares of common stock to six employees which were fully vested as of
the date of issuance and were granted and valued at the observable price for similar instruments. As a result of applying the provisions of ASC 718
 the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $576
341 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020
 the Company granted 58
087 restricted stock units to 135 employees
and Directors. As a result of applying the provisions of ASC 718
 the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $287
101 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. As of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 there was $1
613
520 and $0
respectively
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


 2020
 the Company entered into an amended employment agreement with its
Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer (the &#147;Employment Agreement&#148;)
 which automatically ended on December&nbsp;31
 2020
 the date upon which the employee retired from the Company. Among other terms of the Employment Agreement
 the Company
agreed to
 upon retirement and entry into customary documentation at such time
 extend the term of 109
024 stock options to December&nbsp;31
 2025
 resulting in incremental stock-based compensation expense recognized of $448
229 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
ASC 718 requires the use of the fair-value-based method for measuring the value of stock-based compensation. The
Company estimates the fair value of each stock option award and modified stock award
 on the date of grant or modification using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 and each restricted stock unit is estimated using the fair value of the
Company&#146;s stock on the date of grant. The estimated fair value of each grant of stock options awarded during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 was determined using the following assumptions: 






 Due to the lack of a public market for the trading of shares of the Company&#146;s common
stock prior to the Company&#146;s IPO that closed on September&nbsp;25
 2020
 and the lack of sufficient Company-specific historical data
 the expected term of employee stock options is determined using the &#147;simplified&#148; method
 as
prescribed in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (&#147;SAB&#148;) No.&nbsp;107 (&#147;SAB 107&#148;)
 whereby the expected life equals the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option. 






 The risk-free interest rate is based on the interest rate payable on United
States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected term. 





 The dividend yield is 0% because the Company has never paid
 and for the foreseeable
future does not expect to pay
 dividend on its shares of common stock. 





. The expected volatility is based on the volatility of the Company&#146;s stock price
from historical private offerings and market closing price following the Company&#146;s IPO
 combined with the historical stock prices of identified peer companies. Given the limited history of both the Company and comparable publicly traded peer
companies
 the available historical stock prices do not cover the expected term of the option. However
 the Company determined that the calculated volatility still provides an appropriate basis for a reasonable and fair estimate.
The inputs and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&#146;s
best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management&#146;s judgment. As a result
 if factors change and management uses different inputs and assumptions
 the Company&#146;s share-based compensation expense could be
For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 the grant-date fair value of stock options
was estimated at the time of grant using the following weighted-average inputs and assumptions in the Black-Scholes option pricing model: 














December&nbsp;31





























































 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 






 2020
 the Company completed its IPO in which the Company issued and sold 3
047
500 shares of its common stock at a public
offering price of $22.00 per share. Upon the closing of the IPO
 all outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s preferred stock converted into shares of common stock
 consisting of (i) 162


680 aggregate shares of common stock
 (ii) 152
 convertible preferred stock converting
into 304
506 aggregate shares of common stock
 and (iii) 383
 convertible preferred stock converting into 766
284 aggregate shares of common stock. 

 2020
 the Company is authorized to issue 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 and there
As of December&nbsp;31
 2019
 the Company was authorized to issue 1
329
680
shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 including 1
177
 preferred stock
 609
078 of which were undesignated preferred
 and 152


 and 162
 preferred stock and 152
 preferred stock
 Preferred
Effective November&nbsp;19
 2018
 the Company executed a capital transaction of $25
000
000 with a private investor
 with
$15
000
000 funded at the closing date and an additional $10
000
000 to be funded one year following the execution. The additional tranche was determined to be embedded in the initial agreement and not subject to bifurcation accounting. The
 preferred stock
 carrying certain standard protective provisions. 

 in November and December 2018
 the Company further sold to existing stockholders an additional
$7
000
000 of shares of Series 
 preferred stock issued are
convertible into common stock at any time at the option of the holder

 preferred stock are redeemable upon the occurrence of a deemed liquidation event.&nbsp;The Company determined that&nbsp;this redemption feature requires classification of both Series <FONT

 2019. 
 preferred stock were issued at a 20% discount
 based on preexisting terms in a
line of credit agreement with East. As a result
 the $673
 in 2018 and was considered a deemed dividend
On November&nbsp;18
 2019
 the Company negotiated the repurchase of 609
013
 preferred stock from a private investor for $7
500
000
 or $12.32 per share
 and the termination of the private investor&#146;s commitment to fund an additional $10
000
000 in November
2019. At the time of repurchase
 preferred stock outstanding on the balance sheet was $14
999
901
 or a value of $24.63 per share. The favorable rate at which the
shares were able to be negotiated resulted in a deemed contribution of $7
448
879 which was included in net loss available to common stockholders. 


 2020
 the Company completed a private placement to DMV for 383
142 shares of its Series
 Preferred Stock for total proceeds of $10
000
006
 or $26.10 per share. The shares of Series 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


Preferred Stock issued were convertible into common stock at any time at the option of the holder
 or mandatorily convertible into common stock upon the event of an initial public offering. The


 Preferred Stock on April&nbsp;13
 2020
 the Company entered into a Stockholder Agreement with DMV
 under which the Company granted DMV (i)&nbsp;the right to purchase a specified
percentage of the Company&#146;s common stock in the event of an initial public offering of the Company&#146;s common stock or in a concurrent private placement (the &#147;Participation Right&#148;)
 (ii) the right to designate one member to Laird
Superfood&#146;s board of directors
 and (iii)&nbsp;the right to designate a representative as an observer to Laird Superfood&#146;s board of directors
 in each case for so long as DMV and its affiliates hold more than five percent of the shares of
the Company&#146;s outstanding common stock. The Participation Right terminated upon the IPO. On August&nbsp;28
 2020
 DMV waived its right to designate a member of the board of directors for election
 contingent upon the IPO closing on or before
December&nbsp;31
 2020
 but DMV&#146;s right to designate an observer of the board of directors will continue for so long as DMV holds more than five percent of the outstanding common stock of the Company. The Company also issued a warrant to
purchase common stock to DMV on April&nbsp;13
 2020
 which provided that if DMV exercised the Participation Right for $10
000
000 of shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 DMV would have been entitled to purchase at the time of the closing of
the offering
 for $0.005 per share
 a number of shares of the Company&#146;s common stock equal to ten percent of the shares then held by DMV and its affiliates (including shares issuable upon conversion of the Series
 Preferred Stock)
 but excluding the amounts purchased by DMV or its affiliates in the offering or otherwise. 

 Preferred Stock issued with detachable
warrants by allocating the proceeds to the instruments based on their relative fair values. Utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 the Company calculated the fair value of the warrants on April&nbsp;13
 2020 to be approximately $899
617.
The fair value of the warrants was computed assuming a risk-free interest rate of 0.17%
 no dividends
 expected volatility of approximately 65%
 which was calculated based on a combination of historical volatility and the history of comparable peer
companies
 and an expected warrant life of approximately 0.75&nbsp;years. As a result
 the relative fair value for the warrants of $825
366 was recorded as an increase to additional
The
discount was initially amortized as a deemed discount over approximately 11.5 months
 agreement of
six months once exercised. DMV purchased $2
000
020 of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to the consummation of the IPO
 which did not meet the participation minimum to exercise the warrant
 rendering the warrants null
and accelerating the amortization. The Company recorded the deemed dividend on the warrants of $825
366 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020
 increasing the net loss attributable to common stockholders. 






 Inc. common stockholders by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is similarly determined
 except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common and preferred shares that would have been
outstanding if all dilutive potential common and preferred shares had been issued. Dilutive potential common and preferred shares consist of employee stock options and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of employee stock options
 restricted
stock units
 and 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


convertible preferred stock issued by the Company and are calculated using the treasury stock method. The weighted average shares outstanding included 1
000 and zero shares that are considered
outstanding
 but unissued as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 for unpaid equity share bonuses. Basic earnings per share is reconciled to diluted earnings per share in the following table: 















Years Ended December&nbsp;31















850





503





















448



































Net loss attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders



501





055

















546





668



























546





668






















492




































































 2020. The Company had 81% of trade accounts
receivable from three customers as of December&nbsp;31
The Company had 43% of accounts payable due to four vendors as of
December&nbsp;31
 2020. The Company had 55% of accounts payable due to four vendors as of December&nbsp;31
The Company sold a
substantial portion of products to one customer (23%) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. As of December&nbsp;31
 2020
 the amount due from the customer included in accounts receivable was $290
420. The Company sold a substantial portion of
products to one customer (11%) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2019. As of December&nbsp;31
 2019
 the amount due from this customer included in accounts receivable was $176
957. The loss of a significant customer
 or the failure to attract new
customers
 could have an adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 results of operation
The
Company purchased a substantial portion of products from one supplier (36%) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020
 and from three suppliers (66%) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2019. The loss of any major supplier could have a material
adverse impact on the Company&#146;s business
 results of operation
 cash flows and financial position. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


 our top suppliers are in a similar geographic area
 which increases the risk of
significant supply disruptions from local and regional events. Vietnam
 Indonesia
 China
 and Sri Lanka geographically accounted for approximately 69% of our total raw materials and packaging purchases for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020.
Vietnam and the Philippines geographically accounted for approximately 51% of our total raw material and packaging purchases for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2019. In the event that our supply from our current suppliers is interrupted
 our
operations may be interrupted resulting in lost revenue
 added costs and distribution delays that could harm our business and customer relationships until we are able to identify and enter into an agreement with one or more alternative suppliers.






 service
providers are offered shares of common stock as compensation for their services. Shares provided as compensation are calculated based on the fair value of the service provided and the most recent equity offering price per share. Additional material
related party transactions are noted below. 

 2020
 the Company executed a License and Preservation Agreement which superseded the predecessor license and preservation
agreement with both Mr.&nbsp;Hamilton and Ms.&nbsp;Reece. Among other modifications
 the agreement (i)&nbsp;modified certain approval rights
 (ii)&nbsp;modified certain assignment
 change of control and indemnification provisions
 and
 term. No
additional consideration was exchanged in connection with the agreement. See additional discussion related to the 2020 License in Note&nbsp;1 of the financial statements. 


 PBC (&#147;DMV&#148;) purchased 90
910 shares of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to
the consummation of the IPO for a total purchase price of $2
000
020
 at a price per share of $22.00. Additionally
 DMV provided the Company $298
103 in funds for the purpose of supporting three 
relief projects. Please see Note 1 of the financial statements for additional discussion. 





 hydration and beverage enhancing supplements
 and coffee
 tea and hot
chocolate products. The Company recognizes revenue when control of the promised good or service is transferred to the customer and in amounts that the Company expects to collect. The timing of revenue recognition takes into consideration the various
shipping terms applicable to the Company&#146;s sales. Each delivery or shipment made to a third-party customer is considered to satisfy a performance obligation. Performance obligations generally occur at a point in time and are satisfied when
control of the goods passes to the customer. The Company is entitled to collection of the sales price under normal credit terms. Additionally
 the Company estimates the impact of certain common practices employed by us and other manufacturers of
consumer products
 such as scan-based trading
 product rebate and other pricing allowances
 product returns
 trade promotions
 sales broker commissions and slotting fees. These estimates are recorded at the end of each reporting period. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 


 the Company disaggregates net sales from contracts with
customers based on the characteristics of the products sold: 






















Years Ended December&nbsp;31





























433









330











887









022







Coffee
 tea
 and hot chocolate products



961









930

















































957









754































199









115

























Sales
 net



006









103
























The Company generates revenue through three channels: online
 wholesale
 and food service: 























Years Ended December&nbsp;31





























501









646











996









295













































Sales
 net



006









103
























Contract assets and liabilities (rewards programs
 accrued returns
 and customer deposits) are recorded on the
balance sheet and were considered insignificant as of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019. Receivables from contracts with customers are included in Accounts Receivable
 net on the Company&#146;s balance sheets. As of December&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
Accounts receivable
 net included
 $839
659 and $384
806
 respectively
 in receivables from contracts with customers. 





 outbreak
 characterized as a pandemic by the World
Health Organization on March&nbsp;11
 2020
 has caused significant disruptions in international and U.S. economies and markets. In 2020
 demand for our shelf-stable powdered coffee creamers
 hydration and beverage enhancing supplements
 and coffee
tea and hot chocolate products has risen as consumers prepare more meals in their homes. As we work in a critical infrastructure industry as part of the nation&#146;s food supply
 we have implemented health and safety policies for all of our staff
including a transition to telework wherever possible; enacted strict sanitation protocols throughout our operations; and restricted access to visitors. Our top priority is the health and safety of our employees
 and we are following published
guidelines by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other governmental health organizations in implementing procedures to protect our employees. The pandemic is an ever evolving and challenging situation and its impact on our business
in the future is uncertain. 
 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 











































































Sales
 net



301





613





608





483





006







819





734





285





365





204





























481





878





323





117





801





























177





218





832





599





828


































666





939





395





392





394





























988





260





345





135





730





























507





381





022





018





929
























































493





355





006





995





850










































































Net loss attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders



493





001





011





995





501

























Net loss per share
 basic and diluted





















Shares used in computing net loss per share
 basic and diluted



876





672





325





281







 





LAIRD SUPERFOOD
 INC 





































































Sales
 net



171





487





954





491





103







722





026





804





464





019





























448





460





149





026





084





























491





376





426










201


































045





385





018





861





311





























675





871





488





801





836





























226





410





339





775





751
























































159





373





251





720





503







448

















448

























Net income (loss) attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders



289





373





251





720





055

























Net income (loss) per share
 basic





















Shares used in computing net loss per share
 basic



045





592





520





509







Net income (loss) per share
 diluted





















Shares used in computing net loss per share
 diluted



532





592





520





509







 





ITEM&nbsp;9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 






 with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness
 under the&nbsp;Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 Based on that evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that


reports that we file or submit under the&nbsp;Exchange Act&nbsp;is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 does not include a report of management&#146;s assessment regarding
internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the Company&#146;s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 


 2020&nbsp;that have
materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Limitations on
Our management&nbsp;does&nbsp;not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or
our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
&nbsp;within our Company&nbsp;have been detected. 





 





 
ITEM&nbsp;10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

incorporated by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. 

 officers and directors
including our Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other executive and senior financial officers. The full text of our code of business conduct and ethics is posted at https://investors.lairdsuperfood.com/governance. We will post any
amendments to our code of business conduct and ethics other than technical
 amendments
 or waivers of its requirements



will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
ITEM&nbsp;12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
The information required by this item will be set forth
in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. 
ITEM&nbsp;13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
ITEM&nbsp;14. PRINCIPAL
The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.&nbsp;The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020. 
 





 
ITEM&nbsp;15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
See Index to
Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 

because the information required is already included in the financial statements or the notes those financial statements. 




























































Amended&nbsp;and&nbsp;Restated&nbsp;Certificate&nbsp;of Incorporation of&nbsp;Laird&nbsp;Superfood
&nbsp;Inc.



























Amended and Restated Bylaws of Laird Superfood
 Inc.























































Stockholder Agreement
 dated April&nbsp;13
 2020
 between the Company and Danone Manifesto Ventures
 PBC.























































Laird Superfood
 Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan.







































































































































































Laird Superfood
 Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan
 and form of award agreement thereunder. 
















 































































Laird Superfood
 Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan
 and form of award agreement thereunder. 























































Employment Agreement
 dated September&nbsp;10
 2020
 between the Company and Paul Hodge. 



























Employment Agreement
 dated September&nbsp;10
 2020
 between the Company and Valerie Ells. 



























License and Preservation Agreement
 dated May&nbsp;26
 2020
 by and among the Company
 Laird Hamilton
 and Gabrielle Reece.



























Loan Agreement
 dated August&nbsp;
10
 2017
 between the Company and East Asset Management
 LLC



























Commercial Pledge Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;5
 2019
 between the Company and First Interstate Bank
 as amended February&nbsp;
26
 2020.








































































































































































































































































































 
















































































































The certifications attached as Exhibit&nbsp;32.1 and 32.2 are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not
incorporated by reference into any of the Company&#146;s filings under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such. 










 





 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 








Laird Superfood
 Inc.











/s/ Paul W. Hodge
 Jr.




 Jr.






 that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Paul W. Hodge Jr.
 Valerie Ells
and Andrew J. McCormick
 jointly and severally
 and agents
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him
or her and in his or her name
 place
 and stead
 in any and all capacities


 with all exhibits thereto
 and other
documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and agents full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person


 or his or her or their substitute or substitutes
 may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 









/s/ Paul W. Hodge
 Jr.




 Jr.























(Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer)
















































 
























































 















 


SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED 
The following summary describes our capital stock and certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 our
amended and restated bylaws
 and the Delaware General Corporation Law. Because the following is only a summary
 it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For a complete description
 you should refer to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
 copies of which have been publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2
 respectively


 Inc. has one class of securities registered under Section&nbsp;12 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;): our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share. References herein to &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our&#148;
 and the &#147;Company&#148; refer to Laird Superfood
Inc. and not to any of our subsidiaries. 

000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share and 5
000
000 shares of preferred
stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 the rights and preferences of which our board of directors may establish from time to time. 

matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. A majority vote of the holders of common stock is generally required to take action under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. Holders of our common stock
are entitled to receive dividends ratably
 if any
 as may be declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds
 subject to any preferential dividend rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. Upon our dissolution
 liquidation or
winding up
 holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in our net assets legally available after the payment of all our debts and other liabilities
 subject to the preferential rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. Holders
of our common stock have no preemptive
 subscription
 redemption or conversion rights and no sinking fund provisions are applicable to our common stock. The rights
 preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to
 and may be
adversely affected by
Transfer
The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuers Solutions
 Inc. 
Our board of directors
has the authority
 without further action by the shareholders
 to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights
 preferences and privileges
could include dividend rights
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 redemption rights
 liquidation preferences
 sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series
 any or all of which may be greater
than the rights of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In
addition
 the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing change in our control or other corporate action. 

Company and the best interests of our shareholders. We have no shares of preferred stock outstanding and we have no current plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 




Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 Amended and
Some provisions of Delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our
amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult: acquisition of us by means of a tender offer; acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or removal of our incumbent officers
and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that shareholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests
 including transactions that
These provisions
 summarized below
 are expected to discourage coercive
takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our
potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement
of their terms. 

 Section&nbsp;203 prohibits a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a &#147;business combination&#148; with an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder
 unless the business
combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section&nbsp;203
 a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: 






before the stockholder became interested
 our board of directors approved either the business combination or the
transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 





upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder
 the
interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced
 excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding
 shares owned by persons who are directors and
also officers
 and employee stock plans
 in some instances
 but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or 





at or after the time the stockholder became interested
 the business combination was approved by our board of
 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder.














any sale
 transfer
 lease
 pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the
assets of the corporation; 





subject to exceptions
 any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock
of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 





subject to exceptions
 any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the
proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and 





the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans
 advances
 guarantees
 pledges or other
financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 





 Section&nbsp;203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person
beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 


shareholders at an annual or special meeting
 and that shareholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take shareholder actions and would prevent the amendment of
Meetings of Shareholders
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that a special meeting of
shareholders may be called only by our board of directors
 the chairperson of our board of directors or our chief executive officer or president (in the absence of a chief executive officer)
 and only those matters set forth in the notice of the
special meeting may be considered or acted upon at a special meeting of shareholders. Our amended and restated bylaws also limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of shareholders to those matters properly brought before the
meeting. 

candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our shareholders. These procedures provide that notice of shareholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at
which the action is to be taken. Generally
 to be timely
 notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. Our
amended and restated bylaws specify the requirements as to form and content of all shareholders&#146; notices. These requirements may preclude shareholders from bringing matters before the shareholders at an annual or special meeting. 


 and if
required by law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 of the then outstanding voting power of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon in the
case of amendments relating to certain matters involving our board of directors
 shareholder action by written consent in lieu of a meeting
 special meetings of shareholders
 amendments to our bylaws
 and forum selection provisions
 and a majority
of the then outstanding voting power of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon in the case of other amendments. In addition
 our amended and restated bylaws may be amended or repealed by a majority vote of our board of directors or by the
affirmative vote of 
Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for 5
000
000 authorized shares of preferred stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a merger
 tender offer
 proxy contest or otherwise. For example
 if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations
 our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of our
shareholders
 our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without shareholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or
insurgent shareholder or shareholder group. In this regard
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock.
The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers
 including voting rights
 of
these holders and may have the effect of delaying
 deterring or preventing a change in control of us. 
 




 

 unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative form
 the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or
 if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction
 the United States District Court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (1)&nbsp;any derivative action or
proceeding brought on our behalf; (2)&nbsp;any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty or other wrongdoing by any of our directors
 officers
 employees or agents to us or our shareholders; (3)&nbsp;any action asserting a claim against
us arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; (4)&nbsp;any action to interpret
 apply
 enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of
incorporation or bylaws; or (5)&nbsp;any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In addition
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
 unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum
 the federal district courts of the United States of America shall
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Securities Act&#148;). This provision does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that any person or entity purchasing or
otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these choice of forum provisions. It is possible that a court of law could rule that the choice of forum provisions contained
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation are inapplicable or unenforceable if they are challenged in a proceeding or otherwise. Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of
Delaware law and the Securities Act for the specified types of actions and proceedings
 the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. 
 















 


 Inc. (Form&nbsp;S-8
 No.&nbsp;333-248985) of our report dated
March&nbsp;16
 2021
 relating to the financial statements of Laird Superfood
 Inc
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2020.
Portland
 Oregon 

 2021 















 
I
 Paul W. Hodge
 Jr.
certify that: 



 Laird
Superfood
 Inc.; 



Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 









Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting; and 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 































































 
I
 Valerie Ells
 certify
that: 



 Laird
Superfood
 Inc.; 



Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 









Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting; and 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 































































 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Laird Superfood
 Inc. (the
&#147;Company&#148;) for the period ending December&nbsp;31
 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to my knowledge: 




The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 




The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 


















 Jr.








 Jr.





































 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Laird Superfood
 Inc. (the
&#147;Company&#148;) for the period ending December&nbsp;31
 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I certify
 pursuant to 18&nbsp;U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to my knowledge: 




The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 




The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 2020 and 2019: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
446
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;37
251&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid inventory&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;958
166&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;100
387&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid subscriptions and license fees&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;225
567&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;193
257&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid
 other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;152
323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;71
445&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid consulting&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
963&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;69
813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid advertising&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;74
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
111&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;44
255&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
847
319&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;590


 2020 and 2019: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
446
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;37
251&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid inventory&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;958
166&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;100
387&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid subscriptions and license fees&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;225
567&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;193
257&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid
 other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;152
323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;71
445&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid consulting&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
963&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;69
813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid advertising&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;74
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
111&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;44
255&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
847
319&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;590


 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 53%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Amortized&lt;br/&gt; cost&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; unrealized&lt;br/&gt; gains&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; unrealized&lt;br/&gt; losses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Estimated&lt;br/&gt; fair&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 53%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 53%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Federal agency bonds &amp;#8212; mortgage-backed&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
692
637&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;14
207&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 53%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 53%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Total investment securities &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
692
637&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;14
207&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 53%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Amortized&lt;br/&gt; cost&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; unrealized&lt;br/&gt; gains&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; unrealized&lt;br/&gt; losses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Estimated&lt;br/&gt; fair&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;U.S Treasuries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485
435&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(226&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 51%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Total investment securities &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485
435&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(226&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 by contractual maturity
 are shown below: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:times new roman; font-size:8pt&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); display: table-cell; font-size: 8pt; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Amortized&lt;br/&gt; cost&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Estimated&lt;br/&gt; fair value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Due after one year through five years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
692
637&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Total investment securities &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
692
637&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-size: 1px; margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1px; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Investment securities with an estimated fair value of $8
706
844 and $5
485
209 as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 were pledged to secure our revolving line of credit. See Note 5 for additional information. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company had three investments reach maturity totaling $4
950
000 during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020. The Company also recorded two sales and recognized a gain of $13
927 during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020. The Company had maturities of five investment securities totaling $7
000
000 during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019 and recognized a gain of $7


 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 53%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Amortized&lt;br/&gt; cost&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; unrealized&lt;br/&gt; gains&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; unrealized&lt;br/&gt; losses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Estimated&lt;br/&gt; fair&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 53%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 53%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Federal agency bonds &amp;#8212; mortgage-backed&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
692
637&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;14
207&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 53%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 53%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Total investment securities &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
692
637&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;14
207&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 53%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Amortized&lt;br/&gt; cost&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; unrealized&lt;br/&gt; gains&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; unrealized&lt;br/&gt; losses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Estimated&lt;br/&gt; fair&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;U.S Treasuries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485
435&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(226&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 51%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Total investment securities &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485
435&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(226&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485


 2020
 by contractual maturity
 are shown below: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:times new roman; font-size:8pt&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); display: table-cell; font-size: 8pt; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Amortized&lt;br/&gt; cost&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Estimated&lt;br/&gt; fair value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Due after one year through five years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
692
637&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Total investment securities &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
692
637&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706




 the coronavirus &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(COVID-19)&lt;/div&gt; outbreak
 characterized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March&amp;#160;11
 2020
 has caused significant disruptions in international and U.S. economies and markets. In 2020
 demand for our shelf-stable powdered coffee creamers
 hydration and beverage enhancing supplements
 and coffee
 tea and hot chocolate products has risen as consumers prepare more meals in their homes. As we work in a critical infrastructure industry as part of the nation&amp;#8217;s food supply
 we have implemented health and safety policies for all of our staff
 including a transition to telework wherever possible; enacted strict sanitation protocols throughout our operations; and restricted access to visitors. Our top priority is the health and safety of our employees


 2019
 the Company entered into a revolving line of credit with First Interstate Bank (&amp;#8220;FIB&amp;#8221;) in a principal amount not exceeding $5
000
000. The line of credit is secured by the Company&amp;#8217;s investment account held at FIB. The outstanding amounts under the line of credit have an interest rate calculated as LIBOR plus 2.0% per annum until paid in full. The loan agreement was renewed by the Company on February&amp;#160;26
 2020 and has a maturity date of February&amp;#160;5
 2021. The balance on the line of credit was $0 as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019. Management was in compliance with all financial covenants as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On August&amp;#160;10
 2017
 the Company entered into a revolving line of credit with East Asset Management
 LLC (&amp;#8220;East&amp;#8221;) in a principal amount not exceeding the lesser of the borrowing base or $3
000
000. Upon the mutual agreement of the Company and East
 the primary revolving line of credit may be expanded to $10
000
000
 subject to an increase in the borrowing base. The borrowing base is comprised of (a)&amp;#160;up to 90% of eligible accounts receivable aged 90 days or less from due date utilizing the average of a trailing three months of actual book value
 plus (b)&amp;#160;up to 90% of inventory and prepaid inventory book values utilizing the average of a trailing three months of actual book value. The outstanding amounts under the line of credit have a fixed interest rate of 15% per annum until paid in full and the line of credit has a maturity date of August&amp;#160;10
 2022. In the event of default
 the interest rate would increase to 20% while such default exists. The line of credit is secured by a security interest in accounts receivable and inventory. The balance on the line of credit was $0 as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019. Management was in compliance with all financial covenants as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A secondary line of credit with East in an amount up to $200
000 is available to the Company
 which is not subject to the requirements of the borrowing base. The secondary line of credit is secured by a security interest in the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts receivable and inventory. The secondary line is available with the same draw and payback conditions as the primary line. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;East was also granted a right of first refusal on any future equity offerings by the Company to purchase up to 20% of equity in any such offerings at a 20% price per share discount
 excluding (a)&amp;#160;shares representing
 in the aggregate
 not more than five percent of the Company&amp;#8217;s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully-diluted basis
 issued to employees
 consultants or directors pursuant to incentive plans; (b)&amp;#160;shares issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger
 consolidation
 strategic alliance
 acquisition or similar business combination; (c)&amp;#160;shares issued in connection with any distribution dividend
 conversion or recapitalization; (d)&amp;#160;shares issued pursuant to any bona fide arms&amp;#8217; length equipment loan or leasing agreement
 real property leasing agreement
 or debt financing from a financial institution; (e)&amp;#160;shares issued in connection with strategic transactions involving the Company and other entities
 such as joint ventures
 manufacturing
 marketing or distribution agreements (provided that in the case of clauses (d)&amp;#160;and (e)
 such issuance represents ten percent or more of the Company&amp;#8217;s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully-diluted basis); and (f)&amp;#160;shares issued pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended


 service providers are offered shares of common stock as compensation for their services. Shares provided as compensation are calculated based on the fair value of the service provided and the most recent equity offering price per share. Additional material related party transactions are noted below. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;License Agreements &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;On May&amp;#160;26
 2020
 the Company executed a License and Preservation Agreement which superseded the predecessor license and preservation agreement with both Mr.&amp;#160;Hamilton and Ms.&amp;#160;Reece. Among other modifications
 the agreement (i)&amp;#160;modified certain approval rights
 (ii)&amp;#160;modified certain assignment
 change of control and indemnification provisions
 and (iii)&amp;#160;granted the Company the right to extend the term of the agreement for additional &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;ten-year&lt;/div&gt; terms upon the expiration of the initial &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;one-hundred-year term&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;. No additional consideration was exchanged in connection with the agreement. See additional discussion related to the 2020 License in Note 1 of the financial statements. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Concurrent Private Placement &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Danone Manifesto Ventures
 PBC (&amp;#8220;DMV&amp;#8221;) purchased 90
910 shares of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to the consummation of the IPO for a total purchase price of $2
000
020
 at a price per share of $22.00. Additionally
 DMV provided the Company $298









 2020. The Company had 81% of trade accounts receivable from three customers as of December&amp;#160;31
 2019. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company had 43% of accounts payable due to four vendors as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020. The Company had 55% of accounts payable due to four vendors as of December&amp;#160;31
 2019. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 1px; margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1px; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company sold a substantial portion of products to one customer (23%) for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;
&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;the amount due from the customer included in accounts receivable was $290
420. The Company sold a substantial portion of products to one customer (11%) for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;the amount due from this customer included in accounts receivable was $176
957. The loss of a significant customer
 or the failure to attract new customers
 could have an adverse effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 results of operation
 cash flows and financial position.&amp;#160; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company purchased a substantial portion of products from one supplier (36%) for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 and from three suppliers (66%) for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019. The loss of any major supplier could have a material adverse impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 results of operation
 cash flows and financial position.&amp;#160; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;In addition
 our top suppliers are in a similar geographic area
 which increases the risk of significant supply disruptions from local and regional events. Vietnam
 Indonesia
 China
 and Sri Lanka geographically accounted for approximately 69% of our total raw materials and packaging purchases for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020. Vietnam and the Philippines geographically accounted for approximately 51% of our total raw material and packaging purchases for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019. In the event that our supply from our current suppliers is interrupted
 our operations may be interrupted resulting in lost revenue










 Inc. common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is similarly determined
 except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common and preferred shares that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common and preferred shares had been issued. Dilutive potential common and preferred shares consist of employee stock options and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of employee stock options
 restricted stock units
 and convertible preferred stock issued by the Company and are calculated using the treasury stock method. The weighted average shares outstanding included 1
000 and&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;zero shares that are considered outstanding
 but unissued as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 for unpaid equity share bonuses. Basic earnings per share is reconciled to diluted earnings per share in the following table: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 0.75pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 0.75pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Years Ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 0.75pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(12
850
301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(8
503
948&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Add deemed contribution from the redemption of preferred stock&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
448
879&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Less deemed dividend of beneficial conversion feature&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Less deemed dividend on warrant discount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net loss attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(14
501
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
055
069&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding- basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
546
078&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
668
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Dilutive securities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding- diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
546
078&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
668
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Common stock options and restricted stock awards excluded due to anti-dilutive effect&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;945
027&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
492



&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Forgivable loan
 City of Sisters&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;City of Sisters &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On May&amp;#160;30
 2017
 the Company entered into a forgivable loan agreement with the City of Sisters in the amount of $51
000. This forgivable loan was issued to help the Company expand its business operations in the city of Sisters
 Oregon through eligible jobs. The Company had until May&amp;#160;30
 2020 to create jobs for 30 full-time employees with an average annual salary of $40
000 per person
 and
 once created and filled
 the Company must maintain those jobs for an additional period of three years for the loan to be converted to a grant. If the requirements are not met
 the Company is required to pay the loan in full
 including interest of &lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;eight&lt;/div&gt;&amp;#160;percent per annum on the unpaid principal amount. The Company created the eligible jobs as of April&amp;#160;1
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 1px; margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1px; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Deschutes County &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;On April 11
 2018
 the Company entered into a forgivable loan agreement with Deschutes County
 Oregon in an amount up to $50
000. This forgivable loan was issued to help the Company expand its business operations in the city of Sisters
 Oregon by increasing employment and investing in equipment and building improvements. Per the agreement
 the Company had until December 31
 2019 to create jobs for 25 full-time employees with an average annual salary of $47
960 per person
 and
 once created and filled
 must maintain those eligible jobs for an additional period of one year for the loan to be converted to a grant. If the requirements are not met
 the Company would have been required to pay the loan in full
 including interest of&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;eight&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;percent per annum on the unpaid principal amount. The Company created the eligible jobs as of March 19
 2018 and received funds from the forgivable loan on June 22
 2018. The Company met the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;one-year&lt;/div&gt; requirement
 and the loan was converted to a grant effective June 12


&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 0.75pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(12
850
301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(8
503
948&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Add deemed contribution from the redemption of preferred stock&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
448
879&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Less deemed dividend of beneficial conversion feature&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Less deemed dividend on warrant discount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net loss attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(14
501
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
055
069&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding- basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
546
078&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
668
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Dilutive securities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding- diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
546
078&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
668
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 64%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Common stock options and restricted stock awards excluded due to anti-dilutive effect&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;945
027&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
492


&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Forgivable loan
 City of Sisters&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51


 Net&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Property and equipment
 net is comprised of the following as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Factory equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
418
839&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
011
297&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Land&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;947
394&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;947
394&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Furniture and office equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;532
116&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;465
972&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;259
504&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;194
696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
157
853&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
619
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(894
365&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(466
073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
263
488&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
153


 net is comprised of the following as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Factory equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
418
839&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
011
297&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Land&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;947
394&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;947
394&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Furniture and office equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;532
116&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;465
972&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;259
504&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;194
696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
157
853&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
619
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(894
365&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(466
073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 66%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 66%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
263
488&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
153


 2020
 the Company completed its IPO in which the Company issued and sold 3
047
500 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $22.00 per share. Upon the closing of the IPO
 all outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s preferred stock converted into shares of common stock
 consisting of (i) 162
340 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 324
680 aggregate shares of common stock
 (ii) 152
253 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 304
506 aggregate shares of common stock
 and (iii) 383
142 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 766
284 aggregate shares of common stock. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 the Company is authorized to issue 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 and there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2019
 the Company was authorized to issue 1
329
680 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 including 1
177
426 shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock
 609
078 of which were undesignated preferred
 and 152
253 shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock
 and 162
340 shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock and 152
253 shares of Series&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock were outstanding. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 4%;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration:underline;display:inline;&gt;Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Effective November&amp;#160;19
 2018
 the Company executed a capital transaction of $25
000
000 with a private investor
 with $15
000
000 funded at the closing date and an additional $10
000
000 to be funded one year following the execution. The additional tranche was determined to be embedded in the initial agreement and not subject to bifurcation accounting. The investing entity received Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock
 carrying certain standard protective provisions. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In conjunction with this equity infusion
 in November and December 2018
 the Company further sold to existing stockholders an additional $7
000
000 of shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;All shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock issued are convertible into common stock at any time at the option of the holder
 or mandatorily convertible into common stock upon the event of an initial public offering. The Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock are redeemable upon the occurrence of a deemed liquidation event. The Company determined that this redemption feature requires classification of both Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock as mezzanine equity in our balance sheet as of December&amp;#160;31
 2019. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock were issued at a 20% discount
 based on preexisting terms in a line of credit agreement with East. As a result
 the $673
133 was recorded as a reduction to additional &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;paid-in-capital&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; in 2018 and was considered a deemed dividend increasing the net loss attributable to common stockholders. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;On November&amp;#160;18
 2019
 the Company negotiated the repurchase of 609
013 shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock from a private investor for $7
500
000
 or $12.32 per share
 and the termination of the private investor&amp;#8217;s commitment to fund an additional $10
000
000 in November 2019. At the time of repurchase
 the carrying value of the shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; preferred stock outstanding on the balance sheet was $14
999
901
 or a value of $24.63 per share. The favorable rate at which the shares were able to be negotiated resulted in a deemed contribution of $7
448
879 which was included in net loss available to common stockholders. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 4%;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration:underline;display:inline;&gt;Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-2&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Effective April&amp;#160;13
 2020
 the Company completed a private placement to DMV for 383
142 shares of its Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock for total proceeds of $10
000
006
 or $26.10 per share. The shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock issued were convertible into common stock at any time at the option of the holder
 or mandatorily convertible into common stock upon the event of an initial public offering. The Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock were redeemable upon the occurrence of a deemed liquidation event. The Company determined that this redemption feature required classification of the Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock as mezzanine equity in our balance sheet. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In connection with the closing of the private placement of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock on April&amp;#160;13
 2020
 the Company entered into a Stockholder Agreement with DMV
 under which the Company granted DMV (i)&amp;#160;the right to purchase a specified percentage of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock in the event of an initial public offering of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock or in a concurrent private placement (the &amp;#8220;Participation Right&amp;#8221;)
 (ii) the right to designate one member to Laird Superfood&amp;#8217;s board of directors
 and (iii)&amp;#160;the right to designate a representative as an observer to Laird Superfood&amp;#8217;s board of directors
 in each case for so long as DMV and its affiliates hold more than five percent of the shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding common stock. The Participation Right terminated upon the IPO. On August&amp;#160;28
 2020
 DMV waived its right to designate a member of the board of directors for election
 contingent upon the IPO closing on or before December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 but DMV&amp;#8217;s right to designate an observer of the board of directors will continue for so long as DMV holds more than five percent of the outstanding common stock of the Company. The Company also issued a warrant to purchase common stock to DMV on April&amp;#160;13
 2020
 which provided that if DMV exercised the Participation Right for $10
000
000 of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 DMV would have been entitled to purchase at the time of the closing of the offering
 for $0.005 per share
 a number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock equal to ten percent of the shares then held by DMV and its affiliates (including shares issuable upon conversion of the Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock)
 but excluding the amounts purchased by DMV or its affiliates in the offering or otherwise. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 1px; margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1px; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In accordance with ASC 480
 the Company recorded the Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; Preferred Stock issued with detachable warrants by allocating the proceeds to the instruments based on their relative fair values. Utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 the Company calculated the fair value of the warrants on April&amp;#160;13
 2020 to be approximately $899
617. The fair value of the warrants was computed assuming a risk-free interest rate of 0.17%
 no dividends
 expected volatility of approximately 65%
 which was calculated based on a combination of historical volatility and the history of comparable peer companies
 and an expected warrant life of approximately 0.75 years. As a result
 the relative fair value for the warrants of $825
366 was recorded as an increase to additional &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;paid-in-capital&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; and a preferred stock discount. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The discount was initially amortized as a deemed discount over approximately 11.5 months
 which is estimated based on the expected timing of a warrant exercisability trigger and the customary &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;lock-up&lt;/div&gt; agreement of six months once exercised. DMV purchased $2
000
020 of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to the consummation of the IPO
 which did not meet the participation minimum to exercise the warrant
 rendering the warrants null
 and accelerating the amortization. The Company recorded the deemed dividend on the warrants of $825
366 for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020


 2020
 management approved a plan to dispose of the Company&amp;#8217;s intermittent motion form (&amp;#8220;IMF&amp;#8221;) production line for its powder-based products. The Company determined a fair value of $250
000 for all assets associated with the IMF production line. No further commissions or sales costs (including shipping costs) are anticipated with the sale of the asset. The assets attributable to the production line have been classified as assets held for sale and are presented separately on the balance sheet. As the determined fair value is less than the net carrying value of the assets
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $239
734 during year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020. The Company recorded no impairment loss for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019. The major classes of assets comprising the fixed assets classified as held for sale as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019 are as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Factory equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Fixed assets held for sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;250


 2020 and 2019 are as follows:&lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Factory equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Fixed assets held for sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;250













 2020 and 2019:&lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Noncurrent deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Federal net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
332
738&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
470
371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;State net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
112
119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
285
488&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Federal depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;458
203&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;53
525&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;State depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;213
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Accrued&amp;#8212;PTO&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;75
702&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;106
526&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 68%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 5em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Total noncurrent deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
298
647&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
809
384&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Federal depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;179
720&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;State depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;45
490&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Deferred rent asset&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;735
537&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 68%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 5em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total noncurrent deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;735
537&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;225
210&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net noncurrent deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
563
110&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
584
174&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(7
563
110&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
584








 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
301
270&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
613
073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
608
830&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
483
225&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
006
398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(5
819
762&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(5
734
144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
285
128&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
365
608&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(19
204
642&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
481
508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
878
929&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
323
702&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
117
617&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6
801
756&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;General and administrative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;3
177
448&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2
218
819&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;1
832
442&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;1
599
570&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;8
828
279&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Research and product development&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;144
180&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;102
879&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;117
796&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;143
315&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;508
170&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales and marketing&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
666
900&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
939
061&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
395
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
392
816&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;10
394
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
988
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
260
759&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
345
939&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
135
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;19
730
927&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Operating loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
507
020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
381
830&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
022
237&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
018
084&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(12
929
171&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Other (expense) income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;13
423&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
746&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;15
847&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;22
854&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;78
870&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
493
597&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
355
084&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
006
390&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
995
230&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(12
850
301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Less deemed dividend of beneficial conversion feature&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Less deemed dividend on warrant discount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(645
939&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(179
427&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net loss attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
493
597&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
001
023&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
011
183&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
995
230&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(14
501
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net loss per share
 basic and diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.51&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1.32&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1.28&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.98&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Shares used in computing net loss per share
 basic and diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
876
431&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
672
041&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
325
265&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
281
346&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=18 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt; &lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;September&amp;#160;30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&amp;#160;30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;March&amp;#160;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Four Quarters&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Statement of Operations Data:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
171
086&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
487
335&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
954
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
491
117&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
103
728&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
722
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
026
930&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
804
956&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
464
603&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(8
019
094&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
448
481&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
460
405&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
149
234&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
026
514&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
084
634&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;General and administrative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
491
383&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
376
302&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
426
954&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;906
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
201
184&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Research and product development&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;137
872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;109
978&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;42
866&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;33
568&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;324
284&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales and marketing&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
045
841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
385
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
018
646&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
861
570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
311
137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
675
096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
871
360&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
488
466&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
801
683&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
836
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Operating loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
226
615&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
410
955&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
339
232&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
775
169&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(8
751
971&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Other (expense) income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;67
519&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;37
773&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;88
047&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;54
684&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;248
023&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
159
096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
373
182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
251
185&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
720
485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(8
503
948&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Deemed contribution from the redemption of preferred stock&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
448
879&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
448
879&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
289
783&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
373
182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
251
185&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
720
485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
055
069&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net income (loss) per share
 basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1.31&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.66&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.64&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.49&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Shares used in computing net loss per share
 basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
045
056&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
592
735&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
520
338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
509
009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net income (loss) per share
 diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;0.96&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.66&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.64&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.49&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Shares used in computing net loss per share
 diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
532
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
592
735&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
520
338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
509


 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
301
270&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
613
073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
608
830&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
483
225&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
006
398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(5
819
762&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(5
734
144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
285
128&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
365
608&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(19
204
642&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
481
508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
878
929&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
323
702&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
117
617&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6
801
756&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;General and administrative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;3
177
448&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2
218
819&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;1
832
442&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;1
599
570&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;8
828
279&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Research and product development&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;144
180&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;102
879&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;117
796&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;143
315&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;508
170&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales and marketing&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
666
900&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
939
061&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
395
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
392
816&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;10
394
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
988
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
260
759&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
345
939&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
135
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;19
730
927&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Operating loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
507
020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
381
830&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
022
237&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
018
084&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(12
929
171&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Other (expense) income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;13
423&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
746&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;15
847&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;22
854&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;78
870&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
493
597&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
355
084&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
006
390&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
995
230&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(12
850
301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Less deemed dividend of beneficial conversion feature&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Less deemed dividend on warrant discount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(645
939&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(179
427&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(825
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net loss attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
493
597&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
001
023&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
011
183&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
995
230&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(14
501
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 44%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net loss per share
 basic and diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.51&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1.32&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1.28&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.98&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 44%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Shares used in computing net loss per share
 basic and diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
876
431&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
672
041&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
325
265&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
281
346&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=18 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt; &lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;September&amp;#160;30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&amp;#160;30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;March&amp;#160;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Four Quarters&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Statement of Operations Data:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
171
086&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
487
335&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
954
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
491
117&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
103
728&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
722
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
026
930&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
804
956&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
464
603&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(8
019
094&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
448
481&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
460
405&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
149
234&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
026
514&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
084
634&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;General and administrative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
491
383&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
376
302&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
426
954&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;906
545&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
201
184&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Research and product development&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;137
872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;109
978&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;42
866&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;33
568&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;324
284&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales and marketing&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
045
841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
385
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
018
646&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
861
570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
311
137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
675
096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
871
360&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
488
466&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
801
683&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
836
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Operating loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
226
615&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
410
955&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
339
232&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
775
169&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(8
751
971&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Other (expense) income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;67
519&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;37
773&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;88
047&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;54
684&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;248
023&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
159
096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
373
182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
251
185&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
720
485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(8
503
948&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Deemed contribution from the redemption of preferred stock&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
448
879&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
448
879&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to Laird Superfood
 Inc. common stockholders&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
289
783&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
373
182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
251
185&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
720
485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
055
069&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 45%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net income (loss) per share
 basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1.31&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.66&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.64&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.49&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Shares used in computing net loss per share
 basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
045
056&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
592
735&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
520
338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
509
009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Net income (loss) per share
 diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;0.96&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.66&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.64&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(0.49&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 45%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Shares used in computing net loss per share
 diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
532
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
592
735&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
520
338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
509




















 2020 and 2019 was as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Expected income tax benefit at federal statutory rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
727
696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
785
829&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Expected income tax benefit at state statutory rates net of federal tax benefit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;792
175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;364
820&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(592
048&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(231
609&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Change in valuation allowances&amp;#8212;net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
978
937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
176
799&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Other&amp;#8212;net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
114&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;257

















































































































































































































 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Laird Superfood&amp;#8221;)
 a Delaware corporation. On July&amp;#160;3
 2018
 the Company entered into a plan of conversion and was converted from a corporation under the laws of the State of Oregon to a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware with an updated par value of $0.001 per share of common stock. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Nature of Operations &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Laird Superfood
 Inc. is an emerging consumer products platform focused on manufacturing and marketing highly differentiated
 plant-based and functional foods from its headquarters in Sisters
 Oregon. The core pillars of the Laird Superfood platform are currently Superfood Creamer coffee creamers
 Hydrate hydration products and beverage enhancing supplements
 and roasted and instant coffees
 teas and hot chocolate. The Company was founded in 2015. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Initial Public Offering &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;On September&amp;#160;25
 2020
 the Company completed its initial public offering (&amp;#8220;IPO&amp;#8221;)
 in which the Company issued and sold 3
047
500 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $22 per share
 including 397
500 shares of common stock upon the exercise of the underwriter&amp;#8217;s option to purchase additional shares. After underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs
 net proceeds from the IPO were approximately $61
966
237. Offering costs of approximately $1
268
772 were recognized as a reduction of &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;additional-paid-in&lt;/div&gt; capital. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Upon the closing of the IPO
 all outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s preferred stock converted into shares of common stock
 consisting of (i)&amp;#160;162
340 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 324
680 aggregate shares of common stock
 (ii)&amp;#160;152
253 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 304
506 aggregate shares of common stock
 and (iii)&amp;#160;383
142 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 766
284 aggregate shares of common stock. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Concurrent Private Placement &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Danone Manifesto Ventures
 PBC (&amp;#8220;DMV&amp;#8221;) purchased 90
910 shares of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to the consummation of the IPO for a total purchase price of $2
000
020
 at a price per share of $22. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Basis of Accounting &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The financial statements include the accounts of the Company. The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) as contained within the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) and rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;). Operating results include the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Use of Estimates &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues
 and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on historical experience
 known trends and events and various other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Although management believes its estimates and assumptions are reasonable when made
 they are based upon information available at the time they are made. Management evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and
 if necessary
 makes adjustments. Due to the risks and uncertainties involved in the Company&amp;#8217;s business and evolving market conditions and given the subjective element of the estimates and assumptions made
 actual results may differ from estimated results. The most significant estimates and judgments impact allowances for doubtful accounts and returns
 inventory obsolescence
 valuation allowance for deferred taxes
 fair value of stock-based compensation
 beneficial conversion feature
 and discount on warrants. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Segment reporting &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company currently has one operating segment. In accordance with ASC 280
 &lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 280&amp;#8221;)
 the Company considers operating segments to be components of the Company&amp;#8217;s business for which separate financial information is available and is evaluated regularly by management in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Management reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocation of resources and evaluating financial performance. Accordingly
 the Company has determined that it has a single operating and reportable segment. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Substantially all product sales for the periods provided were derived from domestic sales. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;See Note 16 for additional information regarding sales by platform within the Company&amp;#8217;s single segment. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 and Restricted Cash &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash are highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. For the purposes of the statements of cash flows
 the Company includes cash on hand
 cash in clearing accounts
 cash on deposit with financial institutions
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less
 and restricted cash in determining the total balance. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash reported within the balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statement of cash flows. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width:64%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;56
909
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
004
109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;298
103&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;57
208
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
004
109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Amounts in restricted cash represent those that are required to be set aside by contractual agreement. On December&amp;#160;3
 2020
 the Company entered into an agreement with DMV
 which provided the Company $298
103 in funds for the purpose of supporting three &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;COVID-19&lt;/div&gt; relief projects. The restriction will be released upon the completion of the projects. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-size: 18pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 18pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Concentration of Risk &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash on deposit and cash equivalents. At times
 cash and cash equivalents balances may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#8220;FDIC&amp;#8221;) insurable limits. The Company&amp;#8217;s investment account (recognized as cash and cash equivalents) is with what the Company believes to be a high-quality issuer. The Company has never experienced any losses related to these balances. &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Non-interest-bearing&lt;/div&gt; amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurable limits as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019 approximated $6
639
821 and $456
104
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Accounts Receivable
 net &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net consists principally of trade receivables
 which are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of allowances for doubtful accounts. Trade receivables do not bear interest. Receivables are considered past due or delinquent according to contract terms. Management closely monitors outstanding balances and writes off accounts receivable as they are determined uncollectible. The Company provides for estimated losses on accounts receivable based on prior bad debt experience and a review of existing receivables. Based on these factors
 management determined no allowance for doubtful accounts was required as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2019
 management established a $14
786 allowance for doubtful accounts. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Investments &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Investment securities that are not classified as either &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;held-to-maturity&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; securities or trading securities are classified as &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; securities and are reported at fair value
 with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported as other comprehensive income or loss
 net of income taxes. Management determines the appropriate classification of securities at the time of purchase. Investment securities are valued utilizing quoted prices in active markets. Gains and losses on the sales of &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; securities are determined using the specific-identification method. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Inventory &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(first-in
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;first-out)&lt;/div&gt; or net realizable value and consists primarily of raw materials and packaging and finished goods. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 inventory was comprised of the following: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width:66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
109
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
187
513&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
186
192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
248
452&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6
295
898&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
435
965&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-offs of inventory based on current market assessment
 which are charged to cost of goods sold. For the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 the Company recorded $421
565 in inventory obsolescence primarily related to the Company&amp;#8217;s liquid creamer product line. For the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019
 the Company did not have a charge related to inventory obsolescence
 as the majority of products manufactured consisted of powder-based products which have an extensive shelf life. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had a total of $958
166 and $100
387
 respectively
 of prepayments for future raw materials inventory
 which is included in prepaid expenses on the balance sheets. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Property and Equipment &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Property and equipment are valued at cost
 net of accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life or increase the value of the assets are charged to expense in the period incurred. Additions and betterments are capitalized. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives for depreciation purposes for furniture and factory equipment range from 3 to 10 years. The useful life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the lease term or the useful life. Depreciation expense is allocated to general and administrative expenses and cost of goods sold upon the sale of inventory. For the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 depreciation expense was $474
621 and $300
561
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had a total of $0 and $14
699
 respectively
 of deposits for future equipment purchases
 which is included in deposits on the balance sheets. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Fixed Assets Held for Sale &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Long-lived assets identified by the Company for sale
 which have met all criteria to be classified as held for sale
 are disclosed separately on the balance sheet. Fixed assets held for sale are measured at the lower of the assets carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell
 and depreciation is no longer recorded. Fixed assets held for sale as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 include the Company&amp;#8217;s intermittent motion form (&amp;#8220;IMF&amp;#8221;) production line. The Company had no fixed assets held for sale as of December&amp;#160;31
 2019. The Company determined a fair value less costs to sell of $250
000 for all assets associated with the IMF production line. As the determined fair value is less than the net carrying value of the assets
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $239
734 and $0 during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Deferred Rent &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deferred rent includes tenant improvement costs that were incurred by the landlord
 RII Lundgren Mill
 LLC
 in the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;build-out&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#8217;s leased space and were reimbursed by the Company. These amounts are treated as additional rents and are expensed straight-line over the life of the lease. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s significant accounting policy for revenue was updated as a result of the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the five-step model as prescribed by ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09&lt;/div&gt; in which the Company evaluates the transfer of promised goods or services and recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09
&lt;/div&gt; the Company performs the following five steps: (1)&amp;#160;identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (2)&amp;#160;identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (3)&amp;#160;determine the transaction price
 (4)&amp;#160;allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (5)&amp;#160;recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. See Note 16 for additional information regarding revenue recognition. The Company has elected
 as a practical expedient
 to account for the shipping and handling as fulfillment costs
 rather than as a separate performance obligation. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on customer pricing and promotional practices. The Company records reductions to revenue and a refund liability for estimated product returns and pricing adjustments in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. These estimates will be based on industry-based historical data
 historical sales returns
 if any
 analysis of credit memo data
 and other factors known at the time. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Cost of Goods Sold &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Cost of goods sold includes material
 labor
 and overhead costs incurred in the storage and distribution of products sold in the period. Material costs include the cost of products purchased. Labor and overhead costs consist of indirect product costs
 including wages and benefits for manufacturing
 planning
 and logistics personnel
 depreciation
 facility costs and freight. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Shipping and Handling &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Costs of shipping and handling related to sales revenue are included in cost of goods sold. Shipping and handling costs totaled $4
074
802 and $1
751
142 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Income generated from shipping costs billed through to customers was included in Sales
 net in the statements of operations. Shipping income totaled $248
865 and $464
551 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Research and Product Development &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Amounts spent on research and development activities are expensed as incurred as research and product development expense on the statements of operations. Research and product development expense was $508
170 and $324
284 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Advertising &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Advertising and marketing costs are expensed when incurred. Advertising and marketing expenses for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019 was $6
049
393 and $4
289
252
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Income Taxes &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Income taxes provide for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of income taxes currently due and deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company may also be subject to interest and penalties from taxing authorities on underpayment of income taxes. In such an event
 interest and penalties are included in income tax expense. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. The differences relate primarily to depreciable assets (use of different depreciation methods and lives for financial statement and income tax purposes) and net operating losses. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Due to the historical net loss position of the Company
 the Company recorded a full deferred tax valuation allowance of $7
563
110 and $4
584
174 as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Repurchased Stock &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Management presents repurchased stock (at cost) as a reduction in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity to more clearly reflect the historical stock repurchase transactions. There were two common stock repurchase transactions during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 totaling 1
416 shares of common stock and $20
532. There were eight common stock repurchase transactions during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019
 totaling 92
246 shares of common stock and $1
145
968. Repurchases were valued at a price consistent with or less than the most recent private equity offering by the Company. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Stock Incentive Plan &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions is recognized in the financial statements. The cost is measured based on the grant date fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Compensation cost for all employee stock awards is calculated and recognized over the employees&amp;#8217; service period
 generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded-vesting
 compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Compensation cost for all consultant stock awards is calculated and recognized over the consultant&amp;#8217;s service period based on the grant date fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Upon exercise of stock option awards or vesting of restricted stock units
 recipients are issued shares of common stock. &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Pre-vesting&lt;/div&gt; forfeitures result in the reversal of all compensation cost as of the date of termination
 post-vesting cancellation does not. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Earnings per Share &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Basic earnings per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of shares of common stock that were outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is similarly determined
 except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common stock and preferred stock had been issued and are calculated under the treasury stock method. Due to the Company&amp;#8217;s net loss
 all stock options
 unvested restricted stock
 and convertible preferred stock are anti-dilutive and excluded. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Stock Split &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors and stockholders approved a &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2-for-1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; split of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 which was effected on August&amp;#160;19
 2020. The split divided each share of the Company&amp;#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock into two shares of common stock and correspondingly adjusted the conversion prices of its convertible preferred stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the split. The split was effective upon filing of the Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on August&amp;#160;19
 2020. The Company has reflected the effect of the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2-for-1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; split of its common stock (and the corresponding adjustment of the conversion prices of its preferred stock) in these financial statements as if it had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Warrants &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Issued and detachable stock warrants are classified as equity or liability instruments based on the specific terms of the underlying warrant agreement. In circumstances where debt or equity is issued with detachable warrants
 the proceeds from issuance are allocated to each instrument based on an acceptable method
 which generally involves determining the fair value of one or more of the instruments. In conjunction with the Company&amp;#8217;s initial public offering
 the warrant outstanding was cancelled. See additional information in Note 12. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;License Agreement&amp;#8212;Intangible Asset &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;On August&amp;#160;3
 2015
 the Company entered into a license agreement with the Company&amp;#8217;s &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;co-founder&lt;/div&gt; Laird Hamilton (the &amp;#8220;LH License&amp;#8221;). The LH License stated Laird Hamilton&amp;#8217;s contribution to the Company was in the form of intellectual property
 granting the Company the right to use Laird Hamilton&amp;#8217;s name and likeness. This contribution
 which was reported on the balance sheets as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 was valued at $132
000 and satisfied with the issuance of 660
000 shares of common stock. The Company has determined that the intangible asset associated with the LH License has an indefinite life
 as there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which it is expected to contribute to the cash flows of the Company. Please see Note 15 for more information on the Company&amp;#8217;s related party transaction with Mr. Hamilton. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On May&amp;#160;2
 2018
 the Company entered into a license agreement with Gabrielle Reece
 who is married to Mr. Hamilton (the &amp;#8220;GR License&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the GR License
 Ms. Reece granted the Company rights to her name
 signature
 voice
 picture
 image
 likeness and biographical information commencing on July&amp;#160;1
 2015. This contribution
 which is reported on the balance sheets as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 was valued at $100 based on the consideration exchanged. The Company has determined that the intangible asset associated with the GR License has an indefinite life
 as there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which it is expected to contribute to the cash flows of the Company. Please see Note 15 for more information on the Company&amp;#8217;s related party transaction with Ms. Reece. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On November&amp;#160;19
 2018
 the Company executed a License and Preservation Agreement with Mr.&amp;#160;Hamilton and Ms.&amp;#160;Reece which superseded the predecessor license agreements with both individuals. The agreement added specific terms related to noncompetition and allowable usage of the property under the license. No additional consideration was exchanged in connection with the agreement and the life of the agreement was set at 100 years. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;On May&amp;#160;26
 2020
 the Company executed a License and Preservation Agreement with Mr.&amp;#160;Hamilton
 and Ms.&amp;#160;Reece (the &amp;#8220;2020 License&amp;#8221;)
 which superseded the predecessor license and preservation agreement with both individuals. Among other modifications
 the agreement (i)&amp;#160;modified certain approval rights of Mr.&amp;#160;Hamilton and Ms.&amp;#160;Reece for use of their respective images
 signatures
 voices
 and names (other than those owned by the Company)
 rights of publicity and common law and statutory rights to the foregoing in the Company&amp;#8217;s products
 (ii)&amp;#160;modified certain assignment
 change of control and indemnification provisions
 and (iii)&amp;#160;granted the Company the right to extend the term of the agreement for additional &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;ten-year&lt;/div&gt; terms upon the expiration of the initial &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;one-hundred&lt;/div&gt; year term. No additional consideration was exchanged in connection with the agreement. As indefinite-lived intangibles
 the Company assesses qualitative factors each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances exist that indicate that the fair values of the licensing agreements were less than the carrying amounts. Upon considering these factors
 the Company determined it was more likely than not that the fair values of the 2020 License were not less than the carrying amounts; therefore
 the Company recognized no impairment for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Employee Benefit Plan &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) plan (the &amp;#8220;401(k) plan&amp;#8221;) for all employees&amp;#160;18&amp;#160;years or older. The 401(k) plan was initiated on July&amp;#160;1
 2018. Employee contributions may be made on a &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;before-tax&lt;/div&gt; basis
 limited by Internal Revenue Service regulations. For the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company did not match employee contributions. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;JOBS Act Accounting Election &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company qualifies as an &amp;#8220;emerging growth company
&amp;#8221; as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &amp;#8220;JOBS Act&amp;#8221;). Under the JOBS Act
 emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. An emerging growth company can elect to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that it (i)&amp;#160;is no longer an emerging growth company or (ii)&amp;#160;affirmatively and irrevocably opts out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. Currently
 the Company has elected to file as an emerging growth company defined under the JOBS Act
 and as such
 these financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with the new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&amp;#8220;Topic 606&amp;#8221;)&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09&amp;#8221;).&lt;/div&gt; The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09&lt;/div&gt; and its related amendments (collectively known as ASC 606) effective on January&amp;#160;1
 2019 using the modified retrospective method with no material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and liquidity. Please see Note 16 &amp;#8220;Revenue Recognition&amp;#8221; for the required disclosures related to the impact of adopting this standard and a discussion of the Company&amp;#8217;s updated policies related to revenue recognition and accounting for costs to obtain and fulfill a customer contract. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2016-01
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments-Overall&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-01&amp;#8221;)&lt;/div&gt; to make targeted improvements to GAAP on accounting for financial instruments. The guidance in ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-01&lt;/div&gt; is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2018 and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2019. The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-01&lt;/div&gt; on January&amp;#160;1
 2019 with no material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and liquidity. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In November 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2016-18
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (&amp;#8220;Topic 230&amp;#8221;): Restricted Cash&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-08&amp;#8221;).&lt;/div&gt; The new guidance requires that the reconciliation of the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;beginning-of-period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;end-of-period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; amounts shown in the statement of cash flows include cash
 cash equivalents and restricted cash. ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-08&lt;/div&gt; was effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those periods
 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-18&lt;/div&gt; on January&amp;#160;1
 2019 with no material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and liquidity
 or statement of cash flows in any period prior to Q4 2020. Restricted cash amounting approximately $298
103 as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 is included in cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning and ending balances in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Please refer to Note 1
 &lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 and Restricted Cash&lt;/div&gt; for additional information regarding the nature of restrictions on cash. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2018-07
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Compensation- Stock Compensation (&amp;#8220;Topic 718&amp;#8221;): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-07&amp;#8221;)
&lt;/div&gt; expanding the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-07&lt;/div&gt; is effective for public entities for years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2018
 including interim periods within that year. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2019
 and interim periods with years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2020. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than an entity&amp;#8217;s adoption of ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-07&lt;/div&gt; in conjunction with ASC 606 as of January&amp;#160;1
 2019. The adoption of ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-07&lt;/div&gt; did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations or liquidity. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2016-02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Leases&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;Topic 842&amp;#8221;) (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-02&amp;#8221;)
&lt;/div&gt; whereby lessee will be required to recognize for all leases at the commencement date a lease liability
 which is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and a &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;right-of-use&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance
 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. A modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements must be applied. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. The new standard is effective for emerging growth companies that have elected to use private company adoption dates for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2022. The Company plans to adopt the new standard effective for the year ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new standard on the consolidated financial statements. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2016-13
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments &amp;#8211; Credit Losses (&amp;#8220;Topic 326&amp;#8221;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; as modified by subsequently issued ASUs &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-19&lt;/div&gt; (issued November 2018)
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019-04&lt;/div&gt; (issued April 2019)
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019-05&lt;/div&gt; (issued May 2019)
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019-11&lt;/div&gt; (issued November 2019)
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2020-02&lt;/div&gt; (issued February 2020) and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2020-03&lt;/div&gt; (issued March 2020). Topic 326 modifies the measurement and recognition of credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments
 requiring the use of forward-looking expected credit loss models based on historical experience
 current economic conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount
 which may result in earlier recognition of credit losses under the new standard. It also requires that credit losses related to &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; debt securities be recorded as an allowance through net income rather than reducing the carrying amount under the current
 other-than-temporary-impairment model. The standard requires a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-13&lt;/div&gt; is effective for the Company&amp;#8217;s annual periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has not yet evaluated the potential impact of this pronouncement. &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Subsequent Events &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Subsequent events are events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are available to be issued. The Company has evaluated events and transactions subsequent to December&amp;#160;31
 2020 for potential recognition of disclosure in the financial statements. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On March 4
 2021
 the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Laird Superfood
 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) approved a form of annual cash incentive plan (the &amp;#8220;Bonus Plan&amp;#8221;). The Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 other full-time executives and key employees are eligible to participate in the Bonus Plan
 subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee. The Bonus Plan provides participants the opportunity to earn an annual cash payment based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Also on March 4
 2021
 the Compensation Committee adopted performance goals and target payment amounts relating to the 2021 fiscal year. The 2021 performance goals consist of achieving net revenue targets (weighted at 75%)
 gross margin targets (weighted at 15%)


 2020
 the Company completed its initial public offering (&amp;#8220;IPO&amp;#8221;)
 in which the Company issued and sold 3
047
500 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $22 per share
 including 397
500 shares of common stock upon the exercise of the underwriter&amp;#8217;s option to purchase additional shares. After underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs
 net proceeds from the IPO were approximately $61
966
237. Offering costs of approximately $1
268
772 were recognized as a reduction of &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;additional-paid-in&lt;/div&gt; capital. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Upon the closing of the IPO
 all outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s preferred stock converted into shares of common stock
 consisting of (i)&amp;#160;162
340 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-1&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 324
680 aggregate shares of common stock
 (ii)&amp;#160;152
253 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A-2&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 304
506 aggregate shares of common stock
 and (iii)&amp;#160;383
142 outstanding shares of Series &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;B-1&lt;/div&gt; convertible preferred stock converting into 766


 PBC (&amp;#8220;DMV&amp;#8221;) purchased 90
910 shares of our common stock in a private placement immediately subsequent to the consummation of the IPO for a total purchase price of $2
000
020




 liabilities
 revenues
 and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on historical experience
 known trends and events and various other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Although management believes its estimates and assumptions are reasonable when made
 they are based upon information available at the time they are made. Management evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and
 if necessary
 makes adjustments. Due to the risks and uncertainties involved in the Company&amp;#8217;s business and evolving market conditions and given the subjective element of the estimates and assumptions made
 actual results may differ from estimated results. The most significant estimates and judgments impact allowances for doubtful accounts and returns
 inventory obsolescence
 valuation allowance for deferred taxes
 fair value of stock-based compensation
 beneficial conversion feature


 &lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 280&amp;#8221;)
 the Company considers operating segments to be components of the Company&amp;#8217;s business for which separate financial information is available and is evaluated regularly by management in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Management reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocation of resources and evaluating financial performance. Accordingly


 Cash Equivalents
 and Restricted Cash &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash are highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. For the purposes of the statements of cash flows
 the Company includes cash on hand
 cash in clearing accounts
 cash on deposit with financial institutions
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less
 and restricted cash in determining the total balance. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash reported within the balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statement of cash flows. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width:64%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;56
909
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
004
109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;298
103&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;57
208
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
004
109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Amounts in restricted cash represent those that are required to be set aside by contractual agreement. On December&amp;#160;3
 2020
 the Company entered into an agreement with DMV
 which provided the Company $298


 cash and cash equivalents balances may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#8220;FDIC&amp;#8221;) insurable limits. The Company&amp;#8217;s investment account (recognized as cash and cash equivalents) is with what the Company believes to be a high-quality issuer. The Company has never experienced any losses related to these balances. &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Non-interest-bearing&lt;/div&gt; amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurable limits as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019 approximated $6
639
821 and $456
104


 net &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net consists principally of trade receivables
 which are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of allowances for doubtful accounts. Trade receivables do not bear interest. Receivables are considered past due or delinquent according to contract terms. Management closely monitors outstanding balances and writes off accounts receivable as they are determined uncollectible. The Company provides for estimated losses on accounts receivable based on prior bad debt experience and a review of existing receivables. Based on these factors
 management determined no allowance for doubtful accounts was required as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2019
 management established a $14


 with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported as other comprehensive income or loss


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;first-out)&lt;/div&gt; or net realizable value and consists primarily of raw materials and packaging and finished goods. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 inventory was comprised of the following: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width:66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
109
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
187
513&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
186
192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
248
452&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6
295
898&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
435
965&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-offs of inventory based on current market assessment
 which are charged to cost of goods sold. For the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 the Company recorded $421
565 in inventory obsolescence primarily related to the Company&amp;#8217;s liquid creamer product line. For the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019
 the Company did not have a charge related to inventory obsolescence
 as the majority of products manufactured consisted of powder-based products which have an extensive shelf life. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had a total of $958
166 and $100
387
 respectively
 of prepayments for future raw materials inventory


 net of accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life or increase the value of the assets are charged to expense in the period incurred. Additions and betterments are capitalized. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives for depreciation purposes for furniture and factory equipment range from 3 to 10 years. The useful life for leasehold improvements is the lesser of the lease term or the useful life. Depreciation expense is allocated to general and administrative expenses and cost of goods sold upon the sale of inventory. For the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 depreciation expense was $474
621 and $300
561
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had a total of $0 and $14
699
 respectively
 of deposits for future equipment purchases


 which have met all criteria to be classified as held for sale
 are disclosed separately on the balance sheet. Fixed assets held for sale are measured at the lower of the assets carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell
 and depreciation is no longer recorded. Fixed assets held for sale as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 include the Company&amp;#8217;s intermittent motion form (&amp;#8220;IMF&amp;#8221;) production line. The Company had no fixed assets held for sale as of December&amp;#160;31
 2019. The Company determined a fair value less costs to sell of $250
000 for all assets associated with the IMF production line. As the determined fair value is less than the net carrying value of the assets
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $239
734 and $0 during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019


 RII Lundgren Mill
 LLC


&lt;/div&gt; the Company performs the following five steps: (1)&amp;#160;identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (2)&amp;#160;identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (3)&amp;#160;determine the transaction price
 (4)&amp;#160;allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (5)&amp;#160;recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. See Note 16 for additional information regarding revenue recognition. The Company has elected
 as a practical expedient
 to account for the shipping and handling as fulfillment costs
 rather than as a separate performance obligation. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on customer pricing and promotional practices. The Company records reductions to revenue and a refund liability for estimated product returns and pricing adjustments in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. These estimates will be based on industry-based historical data
 historical sales returns
 if any
 analysis of credit memo data


 labor
 and overhead costs incurred in the storage and distribution of products sold in the period. Material costs include the cost of products purchased. Labor and overhead costs consist of indirect product costs
 including wages and benefits for manufacturing
 planning
 and logistics personnel
 depreciation


074
802 and $1
751
142 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Income generated from shipping costs billed through to customers was included in Sales
 net in the statements of operations. Shipping income totaled $248
865 and $464
551 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019


170 and $324
284 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019


 2020 and 2019 was $6
049
393 and $4
289
252


 interest and penalties are included in income tax expense. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. The differences relate primarily to depreciable assets (use of different depreciation methods and lives for financial statement and income tax purposes) and net operating losses. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Due to the historical net loss position of the Company
 the Company recorded a full deferred tax valuation allowance of $7
563
110 and $4
584
174 as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019


 2020
 totaling 1
416 shares of common stock and $20
532. There were eight common stock repurchase transactions during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2019
 totaling 92
246 shares of common stock and $1
145


 generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded-vesting
 compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Compensation cost for all consultant stock awards is calculated and recognized over the consultant&amp;#8217;s service period based on the grant date fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Upon exercise of stock option awards or vesting of restricted stock units
 recipients are issued shares of common stock. &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Pre-vesting&lt;/div&gt; forfeitures result in the reversal of all compensation cost as of the date of termination


 except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common stock and preferred stock had been issued and are calculated under the treasury stock method. Due to the Company&amp;#8217;s net loss
 all stock options
 unvested restricted stock


 which was effected on August&amp;#160;19
 2020. The split divided each share of the Company&amp;#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock into two shares of common stock and correspondingly adjusted the conversion prices of its convertible preferred stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the split. The split was effective upon filing of the Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on August&amp;#160;19


 the proceeds from issuance are allocated to each instrument based on an acceptable method
 which generally involves determining the fair value of one or more of the instruments. In conjunction with the Company&amp;#8217;s initial public offering


 2015
 the Company entered into a license agreement with the Company&amp;#8217;s &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;co-founder&lt;/div&gt; Laird Hamilton (the &amp;#8220;LH License&amp;#8221;). The LH License stated Laird Hamilton&amp;#8217;s contribution to the Company was in the form of intellectual property
 granting the Company the right to use Laird Hamilton&amp;#8217;s name and likeness. This contribution
 which was reported on the balance sheets as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 was valued at $132
000 and satisfied with the issuance of 660
000 shares of common stock. The Company has determined that the intangible asset associated with the LH License has an indefinite life
 as there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which it is expected to contribute to the cash flows of the Company. Please see Note 15 for more information on the Company&amp;#8217;s related party transaction with Mr. Hamilton. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On May&amp;#160;2
 2018
 the Company entered into a license agreement with Gabrielle Reece
 who is married to Mr. Hamilton (the &amp;#8220;GR License&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the GR License
 Ms. Reece granted the Company rights to her name
 signature
 voice
 picture
 image
 likeness and biographical information commencing on July&amp;#160;1
 2015. This contribution
 which is reported on the balance sheets as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 was valued at $100 based on the consideration exchanged. The Company has determined that the intangible asset associated with the GR License has an indefinite life
 as there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which it is expected to contribute to the cash flows of the Company. Please see Note 15 for more information on the Company&amp;#8217;s related party transaction with Ms. Reece. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On November&amp;#160;19
 2018
 the Company executed a License and Preservation Agreement with Mr.&amp;#160;Hamilton and Ms.&amp;#160;Reece which superseded the predecessor license agreements with both individuals. The agreement added specific terms related to noncompetition and allowable usage of the property under the license. No additional consideration was exchanged in connection with the agreement and the life of the agreement was set at 100 years. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;On May&amp;#160;26
 2020
 the Company executed a License and Preservation Agreement with Mr.&amp;#160;Hamilton
 and Ms.&amp;#160;Reece (the &amp;#8220;2020 License&amp;#8221;)
 which superseded the predecessor license and preservation agreement with both individuals. Among other modifications
 the agreement (i)&amp;#160;modified certain approval rights of Mr.&amp;#160;Hamilton and Ms.&amp;#160;Reece for use of their respective images
 signatures
 voices
 and names (other than those owned by the Company)
 rights of publicity and common law and statutory rights to the foregoing in the Company&amp;#8217;s products
 (ii)&amp;#160;modified certain assignment
 change of control and indemnification provisions
 and (iii)&amp;#160;granted the Company the right to extend the term of the agreement for additional &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;ten-year&lt;/div&gt; terms upon the expiration of the initial &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;one-hundred&lt;/div&gt; year term. No additional consideration was exchanged in connection with the agreement. As indefinite-lived intangibles
 the Company assesses qualitative factors each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances exist that indicate that the fair values of the licensing agreements were less than the carrying amounts. Upon considering these factors
 the Company determined it was more likely than not that the fair values of the 2020 License were not less than the carrying amounts; therefore
 the Company recognized no impairment for the years ended December&amp;#160;31


 2018. Employee contributions may be made on a &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;before-tax&lt;/div&gt; basis
 limited by Internal Revenue Service regulations. For the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019


&amp;#8221; as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &amp;#8220;JOBS Act&amp;#8221;). Under the JOBS Act
 emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. An emerging growth company can elect to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that it (i)&amp;#160;is no longer an emerging growth company or (ii)&amp;#160;affirmatively and irrevocably opts out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. Currently
 the Company has elected to file as an emerging growth company defined under the JOBS Act
 and as such


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&amp;#8220;Topic 606&amp;#8221;)&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09&amp;#8221;).&lt;/div&gt; The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09&lt;/div&gt; and its related amendments (collectively known as ASC 606) effective on January&amp;#160;1
 2019 using the modified retrospective method with no material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and liquidity. Please see Note 16 &amp;#8220;Revenue Recognition&amp;#8221; for the required disclosures related to the impact of adopting this standard and a discussion of the Company&amp;#8217;s updated policies related to revenue recognition and accounting for costs to obtain and fulfill a customer contract. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2016-01
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments-Overall&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-01&amp;#8221;)&lt;/div&gt; to make targeted improvements to GAAP on accounting for financial instruments. The guidance in ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-01&lt;/div&gt; is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2018 and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2019. The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-01&lt;/div&gt; on January&amp;#160;1
 2019 with no material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and liquidity. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In November 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2016-18
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (&amp;#8220;Topic 230&amp;#8221;): Restricted Cash&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-08&amp;#8221;).&lt;/div&gt; The new guidance requires that the reconciliation of the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;beginning-of-period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;end-of-period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; amounts shown in the statement of cash flows include cash
 cash equivalents and restricted cash. ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-08&lt;/div&gt; was effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those periods
 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-18&lt;/div&gt; on January&amp;#160;1
 2019 with no material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and liquidity
 or statement of cash flows in any period prior to Q4 2020. Restricted cash amounting approximately $298
103 as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 is included in cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning and ending balances in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Please refer to Note 1
 &lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 and Restricted Cash&lt;/div&gt; for additional information regarding the nature of restrictions on cash. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2018-07
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Compensation- Stock Compensation (&amp;#8220;Topic 718&amp;#8221;): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-07&amp;#8221;)
&lt;/div&gt; expanding the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-07&lt;/div&gt; is effective for public entities for years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2018
 including interim periods within that year. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2019
 and interim periods with years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2020. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than an entity&amp;#8217;s adoption of ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-07&lt;/div&gt; in conjunction with ASC 606 as of January&amp;#160;1
 2019. The adoption of ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-07&lt;/div&gt; did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position
 results of operations or liquidity. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2016-02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Leases&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;Topic 842&amp;#8221;) (&amp;#8220;ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-02&amp;#8221;)
&lt;/div&gt; whereby lessee will be required to recognize for all leases at the commencement date a lease liability
 which is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and a &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;right-of-use&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance
 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. A modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements must be applied. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. The new standard is effective for emerging growth companies that have elected to use private company adoption dates for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2022. The Company plans to adopt the new standard effective for the year ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new standard on the consolidated financial statements. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;No.&amp;#160;2016-13
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments &amp;#8211; Credit Losses (&amp;#8220;Topic 326&amp;#8221;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; as modified by subsequently issued ASUs &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2018-19&lt;/div&gt; (issued November 2018)
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019-04&lt;/div&gt; (issued April 2019)
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019-05&lt;/div&gt; (issued May 2019)
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019-11&lt;/div&gt; (issued November 2019)
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2020-02&lt;/div&gt; (issued February 2020) and &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2020-03&lt;/div&gt; (issued March 2020). Topic 326 modifies the measurement and recognition of credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments
 requiring the use of forward-looking expected credit loss models based on historical experience
 current economic conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount
 which may result in earlier recognition of credit losses under the new standard. It also requires that credit losses related to &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; debt securities be recorded as an allowance through net income rather than reducing the carrying amount under the current
 other-than-temporary-impairment model. The standard requires a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-13&lt;/div&gt; is effective for the Company&amp;#8217;s annual periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2022


 2020 for potential recognition of disclosure in the financial statements. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On March 4
 2021
 the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Laird Superfood
 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) approved a form of annual cash incentive plan (the &amp;#8220;Bonus Plan&amp;#8221;). The Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 other full-time executives and key employees are eligible to participate in the Bonus Plan
 subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee. The Bonus Plan provides participants the opportunity to earn an annual cash payment based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Also on March 4
 2021
 the Compensation Committee adopted performance goals and target payment amounts relating to the 2021 fiscal year. The 2021 performance goals consist of achieving net revenue targets (weighted at 75%)
 gross margin targets (weighted at 15%)


 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash reported within the balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statement of cash flows. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width:64%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;56
909
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
004
109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;298
103&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;57
208
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
004


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;first-out)&lt;/div&gt; or net realizable value and consists primarily of raw materials and packaging and finished goods. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 inventory was comprised of the following: &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width:66%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:6%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
109
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
187
513&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
186
192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
248
452&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6
295
898&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
435




 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates
 prepayment speeds and credit risk; and &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;;width:3%;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&amp;#8212;significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources
 including our own assumptions in determining fair value. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The factors or methodology used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following tables summarize assets subject to fair value measurements: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:84%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;width:57%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:5%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:5%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:5%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); display: table-cell; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Fair Value as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Federal agency bonds &amp;#8212; mortgage-backed&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Fixed assets held for sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;height:16;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;height:16;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;height:16;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;height:16;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); display: table-cell; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Fair Value as of December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;U.S Treasuries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company believes the carrying amounts of Cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash
 Accounts receivable
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets
 Deposits
 Other Assets
 Accounts payable
 Payroll liabilities and Accrued expenses are a reasonable approximation of the fair value of those financial instruments because of the nature of the underlying transactions and the short-term maturities involved. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company believes that fair values of U.S. Agency Bonds issued by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation are determined using the spread above the risk-free yield curve. As the yields for the risk-free yield curve and the spreads for these securities are observable market inputs
 the fair values of U.S. agency bonds are included in the Level&amp;#160;2 fair value hierarchy. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-financial&lt;/div&gt; assets
 such as License agreements-intangibles
 Inventory and Property and equipment
 net
 are recorded using fair value-based measurements when an impairment is recognized. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;During the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 long-lived assets were classified as held for sale
 tested for impairment
 and written down to their estimated fair values less costs to sell
 and were included in assets held for sale as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020. The Level&amp;#160;3 fair values of the long-lived assets were determined using the income approach. The unobservable inputs to the income approach included the assets&amp;#8217; estimated future cash flows upon sale
 as the determined fair value is less than the net carrying value of the assets
 as depicted below. The Company recorded an impairment loss of $239
734 during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width:65%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:11%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:11%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); font-size: 10pt;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Fair value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Carrying value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;489


 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Federal agency bonds &amp;#8212; mortgage-backed&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
706
844&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Fixed assets held for sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;250
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;height:16;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;height:16;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;height:16;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;height:16;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); display: table-cell; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Fair Value as of December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;U.S Treasuries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
485


734 during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020.&lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width:65%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:11%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:11%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt; 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br/&gt; 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); font-size: 10pt;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Fair value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Carrying value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;489


 LLC
 dated March&amp;#160;1
 2018. The lease commenced March&amp;#160;1
 2018 with monthly payments of $6
475
 to escalate after 24 months by the lesser of 3% or the Consumer Price Index (&amp;#8220;CPI&amp;#8221;) adjustment. The initial lease term is ten years
 and the Company has the option to renew the lease for two additional five-year periods. The landlord has paid for many tenant improvements and the Company has committed to reimbursing the landlord
 in additional rents
 for specific improvements. On November&amp;#160;20
 2018
 the Company completed the reimbursement of $797
471. The Company also issued the landlord 2
000 stock options on April&amp;#160;15
 2018 with a strike price of $7.50 per share in conjunction with this lease agreement. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company executed a second lease for additional warehouse and office space under a commercial lease with RII Lundgren Mill
 LLC
 dated December&amp;#160;17
 2018. The lease commenced on July&amp;#160;1
 2019 with monthly payments of $12
784
 to escalate after 24 months by the lesser of 3% or the CPI adjustment. The initial lease term is ten years
 and the Company has the option to renew the lease for two additional five-year periods. The landlord has paid for many tenant improvements and the Company has committed to reimbursing the landlord
 in additional rents
 for specific improvements. On December&amp;#160;20
 2018
 the Company completed the initial reimbursement of $1
202
529. The Company made the final reimbursement in the amount of $1
399
001 on December&amp;#160;31
 2019. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1px; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On May&amp;#160;26
 2019
 the Company executed and commenced an agricultural license agreement for the lease of agricultural land in Hanalei
 Hawaii with PRW Princeville Development Company LLC (the &amp;#8220;Hanalei Agricultural License&amp;#8221;). Total monthly payments will be the greater of $1
000 or eight percent of total monthly gross sales of the business done and/or generated on
 in
 into or from the premises. The initial lease term is five years
 with one option to extend the term by five years. The agreement was subsequently amended on September&amp;#160;19
 2019 to include a termination clause if the storefront and property in the Hanalei
 Hawaii Lease
 discussed below
 is not executed. The amendment also expanded the permitted access to include access through other property to the public roadway. On November&amp;#160;3
 2020
 the Company and PRW Princeville Development Company LLC entered a termination and release agreement
 terminating the Hanalei Agricultural License effective as of October&amp;#160;30
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On May&amp;#160;26
 2019
 the Company executed a license agreement with PRW Princeville Development Company LLC for storefront and property in Hanalei
 Hawaii (the &amp;#8220;Hanalei Retail License&amp;#8221;). Initially
 total monthly payments will be the greater of $1
000 or eight percent of total monthly gross sales of the business done and/or generated on
 in
 into or from the property. The initial lease term is five years
 with one option to extend the term by five years. The agreement will commence upon receipt of applicable permits
 and if not obtained by January&amp;#160;1
 2020
 the lease will terminate. The agreement was subsequently amended on September&amp;#160;19
 2019 to extend the initial permitting period from January&amp;#160;1
 2020 to July&amp;#160;1
 2020
 and the payment terms to include the monthly minimum lease payment due the first of the month
 with a reconciliation to gross sales in the subsequent month. The agreement was subsequently amended on July&amp;#160;23
 2020 to extend the initial permitting period from July&amp;#160;1
 2020 to April&amp;#160;15
 2021. On November&amp;#160;3
 2020
 the Company and PRW Princeville Development Company LLC entered a termination and release agreement
 terminating the Hanalei Retail License effective as of October&amp;#160;30
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;On March&amp;#160;26
 2020
 the Company executed a commercial lease agreement for storage space with A Logistics
 LLC. The initial lease term is six months and commenced on March&amp;#160;26
 2020. Monthly payments are $7
000. Under mutual agreement of both parties
 the Company is continuing to lease the warehouse space on a &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;month-to-month&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; basis. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table sets forth the amounts of our significant contractual obligations and commitments with definitive payment terms as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:84%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 58%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); display: table-cell; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Payments Due by Period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Operating&lt;br/&gt; Leases&lt;div style=font-size: 85%; vertical-align: top;;vertical-align: super;font-size: smaller;display:inline;&gt;(1)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Note&amp;#160;Payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;237
737&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;288
737&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2022&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;244
869&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;244
869&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;2023&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;252
216&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;252
216&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2024&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;259
782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;259
782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;2025&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;267
575&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;267
575&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;864
546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;864
546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 58%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
126
725&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
177
725&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 58%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;;width:4%;&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;;text-align:left;&gt;Operating lease obligations related to our manufacturing facility leases dated March&amp;#160;1
 2018 and December&amp;#160;17
 2018.&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Rent expense is allocated to general and administrative expenses and cost of goods sold upon the sale of inventory. Rent expense for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019 was $856
680 and $520
835


 2020: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:84%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 58%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); display: table-cell; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Payments Due by Period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Operating&lt;br/&gt; Leases&lt;div style=font-size: 85%; vertical-align: top;;vertical-align: super;font-size: smaller;display:inline;&gt;(1)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Note&amp;#160;Payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;237
737&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;288
737&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2022&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;244
869&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;244
869&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;2023&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;252
216&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;252
216&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2024&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;259
782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;259
782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;2025&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;267
575&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;267
575&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;864
546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;864
546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 58%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 58%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
126
725&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
177
725&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 58%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;;width:4%;&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;;text-align:left;&gt;Operating lease obligations related to our manufacturing facility leases dated March&amp;#160;1
 2018 and December&amp;#160;17


 2020 and 2019 was as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Expected income tax benefit at federal statutory rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
727
696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
785
829&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Expected income tax benefit at state statutory rates net of federal tax benefit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;792
175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;364
820&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(592
048&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(231
609&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Change in valuation allowances&amp;#8212;net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
978
937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(2
176
799&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;Other&amp;#8212;net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;51
114&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;257
759&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Benefit from income taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 65%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 8%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=font-size: 1px; margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company had a tax net loss for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 and therefore expects no assessment of income taxes for such periods. Additionally
 the net deferred tax assets are fully allowed for. Accordingly
 there was no provision for
 or benefit from
 income taxes reported for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019. The Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Noncurrent deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Federal net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
332
738&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
470
371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;State net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
112
119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
285
488&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Federal depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;458
203&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;53
525&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;State depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;213
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;Accrued&amp;#8212;PTO&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;75
702&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;106
526&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 68%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 5em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Total noncurrent deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8
298
647&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
809
384&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Federal depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;179
720&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;State depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;45
490&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Deferred rent asset&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;735
537&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 68%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 5em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Total noncurrent deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;735
537&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;225
210&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net noncurrent deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
563
110&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
584
174&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(7
563
110&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(4
584
174&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 68%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 68%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 5em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Total net noncurrent deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 68%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 4%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The Company assesses its deferred tax assets and liabilities to determine if it is more likely than not they will be realized; if not
 a valuation allowance is required to be recorded. Based on this guidance
 the Company provided a valuation allowance for the full amount. The net increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and liabilities for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019 was $2
978
937 and $2
176
799
 respectively. This valuation allowance included the estimated tax liability of $2
983 related to the unrealized gain on investment securities &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;available-for-sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020&amp;#160;and 2019
 the Company had U.S. federal net operating losses (&amp;#8220;NOLs&amp;#8221;) totaling approximately $27
528
486 and $17
117
760
 respectively. The Company had federal NOLs as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019 totaling approximately $1
868
077 from 2017 and prior years that can be carried forward for 20 years
 which begin to expire in 2036. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020&amp;#160;and 2019 the Company had federal NOLs totaling approximately $25
660
409 and $15
249
683
 respectively&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;



 2020
 to provide for the grant of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 deferred stock units
 unrestricted stock
 dividend equivalent rights
 performance shares and other performance-based awards
 other equity-based awards and cash bonus awards to Company employees
 employees of the Company&amp;#8217;s affiliates
 &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-employee&lt;/div&gt; directors and certain consultants and advisors. The Company is authorized to award 1
000
000&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;s&lt;/div&gt;hares.&amp;#160;Previously
 the Company had adopted its 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (together with the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 the &amp;#8220;Stock Incentive Plans&amp;#8221;)
 under which the Company had issued stock options&amp;#160;and restricted stock units.&amp;#160;Following the effective date of the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 no additional awards may be made under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan or 2016 Stock Incentive Plan. The Stock Incentive Plans were established to provide eligible individuals with an incentive to contribute to the Company&amp;#8217;s success and to operate and manage the Company&amp;#8217;s business in a manner that will provide for its long-term growth and profitability and that will benefit the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders and other stakeholders
 including employees and customers. The Stock Incentive Plans are also intended to provide a means of recruiting
 rewarding and retaining key personnel. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 1px; margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1px; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Stock Incentive Plans prescribe various terms and conditions for the award of options and the total number of shares authorized for this purpose. For options
 the strike price is equal to the fair market value of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock price at the date of grant. Generally
 options become exercisable based on years of service and vesting schedules
 and expire after (i)&amp;#160;a period of ten years from the date of grant
 (ii)&amp;#160;three months following the date of termination of employment from the Company
 (iii)&amp;#160;one year following the date of termination from the Company by reason of death or disability
 (iv)&amp;#160;the date of termination of employment for cause
 or (v)&amp;#160;the fifth anniversary of the date of the grant if it is held by a 10&amp;#160;percent or greater stockholder. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#8217;s stock option activity during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 36%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Options&lt;br/&gt; Activity&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;br/&gt; Exercise Price&lt;br/&gt; (per share)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;br/&gt; Remaining&amp;#160;Contractual&lt;br/&gt; Term (years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br/&gt; Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Balance at January&amp;#160;1
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;788
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
799
381&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;174
078&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;16.07&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Exercised/released&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(23
434&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;11.34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Cancelled/forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(51
532&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;11.53&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 36%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Balance at December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;887
640&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;9.65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;33
433
274&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 36%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Exercisable at December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;660
890&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6.94&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5.55&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
684
957&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 36%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 37%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Options&lt;br/&gt; Activity&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;br/&gt; Exercise Price&lt;br/&gt; (per share)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;br/&gt; Remaining&amp;#160;Contractual&lt;br/&gt; Term (years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br/&gt; Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Balance at January&amp;#160;1
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;641
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5.99&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7.13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
057
973&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;297
900&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;12.39&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Exercised/released&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(21
140&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2.40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Cancelled/forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(129
732&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6.46&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 37%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Balance at December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;788
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
799
381&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 37%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Exercisable at December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;376
506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5.83&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
265
254&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 37%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The stock-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period for all awards. As a result of applying the provisions of ASC 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation- Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 718&amp;#8221;)
 the Company recognized stock compensation expense for stock options of $937
366 and $846
436 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;At December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 there was $1
990
834 and $1
474
669
 respectively
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-vested&lt;/div&gt; share-based compensation arrangements with a remaining weighted-average vesting period of 1.06 years. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;During the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 the Company granted 15
646 shares of common stock to six employees which were fully vested as of the date of issuance and were granted and valued at the observable price for similar instruments. As a result of applying the provisions of ASC 718
 the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $576
341 for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 1px; margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1px; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;During the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 the Company granted 58
087 restricted stock units to 135 employees&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;Directors. As a result of applying the provisions of ASC 718
 the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $287
101 for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020&amp;#160;and 2019
 there was $1
613
520 and $0
 respectively
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-vested&lt;/div&gt; restricted stock units with a remaining weighted-average vesting period of 1.89 years. &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On September&amp;#160;23
 2020
 the Company entered into an amended employment agreement with its Chief Marketing and Revenue Officer (the &amp;#8220;Employment Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 which automatically ended on December&amp;#160;31
 2020
 the date upon which the employee retired from the Company. Among other terms of the Employment Agreement
 the Company agreed to
 upon retirement and entry into customary documentation at such time
 extend the term of 109
024 stock options to December&amp;#160;31
 2025
 resulting in incremental stock-based compensation expense recognized of $448
229 for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;ASC 718 requires the use of the fair-value-based method for measuring the value of stock-based compensation. The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option award and modified stock award
&amp;#160;on the date of grant or modification&amp;#160;using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 and each restricted stock unit is estimated using the fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock on the date of grant. The estimated fair value of each grant of stock options awarded during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019 was determined using the following assumptions: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:3%;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Expected Term.&lt;/div&gt; Due to the lack of a public market for the trading of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock prior to the Company&amp;#8217;s IPO that closed on September&amp;#160;25
 2020
 and the lack of sufficient Company-specific historical data
 the expected term of employee stock options is determined using the &amp;#8220;simplified&amp;#8221; method
 as prescribed in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (&amp;#8220;SAB&amp;#8221;) No.&amp;#160;107 (&amp;#8220;SAB 107&amp;#8221;)
 whereby the expected life equals the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:3%;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Risk-free Interest Rate.&lt;/div&gt; The risk-free interest rate is based on the interest rate payable on United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected term. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:3%;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Dividend Yield.&lt;/div&gt; The dividend yield is 0% because the Company has never paid
 and for the foreseeable future does not expect to pay
 dividend on its shares of common stock. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:3%;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;;width:1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:left;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;;font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Expected Volatility&lt;/div&gt;. The expected volatility is based on the volatility of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock price from historical private offerings and market closing price following the Company&amp;#8217;s IPO
 combined with the historical stock prices of identified peer companies. Given the limited history of both the Company and comparable publicly traded peer companies
 the available historical stock prices do not cover the expected term of the option. However
 the Company determined that the calculated volatility still provides an appropriate basis for a reasonable and fair estimate. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The inputs and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management&amp;#8217;s judgment. As a result
 if factors change and management uses different inputs and assumptions
 the Company&amp;#8217;s share-based compensation expense could be materially different for future awards.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;For the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the grant-date fair value of stock options was estimated at the time of grant using the following weighted-average inputs and assumptions in the Black-Scholes option pricing model: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 78%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;For&amp;#160;the&amp;#160;Years&amp;#160;Ended&lt;br/&gt; December&amp;#160;31


 2020 and 2019: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 36%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Options&lt;br/&gt; Activity&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;br/&gt; Exercise Price&lt;br/&gt; (per share)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;br/&gt; Remaining&amp;#160;Contractual&lt;br/&gt; Term (years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br/&gt; Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Balance at January&amp;#160;1
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;788
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
799
381&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;174
078&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;16.07&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Exercised/released&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(23
434&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;11.34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Cancelled/forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(51
532&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;11.53&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 36%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Balance at December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;887
640&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;9.65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;33
433
274&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 36%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 36%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Exercisable at December&amp;#160;31
 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;660
890&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6.94&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5.55&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
684
957&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 36%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 37%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Options&lt;br/&gt; Activity&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;br/&gt; Exercise Price&lt;br/&gt; (per share)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;br/&gt; Remaining&amp;#160;Contractual&lt;br/&gt; Term (years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br/&gt; Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Balance at January&amp;#160;1
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;641
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5.99&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7.13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
057
973&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;297
900&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;12.39&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Exercised/released&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(21
140&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2.40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Cancelled/forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(129
732&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6.46&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 37%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Balance at December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;788
528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;8.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4
799
381&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 37%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 37%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Exercisable at December&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;376
506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5.83&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;6.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
265


 2020 and 2019
 the grant-date fair value of stock options was estimated at the time of grant using the following weighted-average inputs and assumptions in the Black-Scholes option pricing model: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 style=width:100%; table-layout:fixed; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:76%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 78%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;For&amp;#160;the&amp;#160;Years&amp;#160;Ended&lt;br/&gt; December&amp;#160;31


 hydration and beverage enhancing supplements
 and coffee
 tea and hot chocolate products. The Company recognizes revenue when control of the promised good or service is transferred to the customer and in amounts that the Company expects to collect. The timing of revenue recognition takes into consideration the various shipping terms applicable to the Company&amp;#8217;s sales. Each delivery or shipment made to a third-party customer is considered to satisfy a performance obligation. Performance obligations generally occur at a point in time and are satisfied when control of the goods passes to the customer. The Company is entitled to collection of the sales price under normal credit terms. Additionally
 the Company estimates the impact of certain common practices employed by us and other manufacturers of consumer products
 such as scan-based trading
 product rebate and other pricing allowances
 product returns
 trade promotions
 sales broker commissions and slotting fees. These estimates are recorded at the end of each reporting period. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;In accordance with ASC Topic 606
 the Company disaggregates net sales from contracts with customers based on the characteristics of the products sold: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Years Ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); white-space: nowrap;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;%&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); white-space: nowrap;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;%&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Coffee creamers&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;18
433
345&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;9
330
678&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;71&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Hydration and beverage enhancing supplements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
887
198&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
022
269&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Coffee
 tea
 and hot chocolate products&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
961
254&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
930
434&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;675
339&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;471
097&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 51%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Gross sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;28
957
136&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;111&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
754
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Shipping income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;248
865&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;464
551&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Returns and discounts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
199
603&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
115
301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 51%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
006
398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
103
728&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 51%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;    &lt;div style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 4%;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company generates revenue through three channels: online
 wholesale
 and food service: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 49%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Years Ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); white-space: nowrap;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;%&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); white-space: nowrap;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;%&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 49%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Online&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;14
501
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;56&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
646
864&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 49%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Wholesale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;10
996
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
295
024&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 49%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Food service&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;508
175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;161
840&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 49%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 49%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
006
398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
103
728&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 49%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-indent: 4%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Contract assets and liabilities (rewards programs
 accrued returns
 and customer deposits) ar&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;e&lt;/div&gt; recorded on the balance sheet &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;and &lt;/div&gt;were considered insignificant as of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019. Receivables from contracts with customers are included in Accounts Receivable
 net on the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 Accounts receivable
 net included
 $839
659 and $384
806
 respectively


 the Company disaggregates net sales from contracts with customers based on the characteristics of the products sold: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Years Ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); white-space: nowrap;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;%&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); white-space: nowrap;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;%&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Coffee creamers&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;18
433
345&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;9
330
678&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;71&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Hydration and beverage enhancing supplements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3
887
198&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2
022
269&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Coffee
 tea
 and hot chocolate products&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
961
254&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1
930
434&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;675
339&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;471
097&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 51%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Gross sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;28
957
136&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;111&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
754
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Shipping income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;248
865&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;464
551&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Returns and discounts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(3
199
603&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(1
115
301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;(9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 51%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 51%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
006
398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
103


 wholesale
 and food service: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;text-align:left;;width:92%;&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 49%;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Years Ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); white-space: nowrap;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;%&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0, 0, 0); white-space: nowrap;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0, 0, 0); border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;;text-align:center;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;%&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;;vertical-align:bottom;;width:;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 49%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Online&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;14
501
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;56&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;7
646
864&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 49%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Wholesale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;10
996
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;5
295
024&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 49%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 1em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;display:inline;&gt;Food service&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;508
175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;161
840&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255); width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; width: 49%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 49%;;vertical-align:top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: -1em; font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 3em; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;times new roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;26
006
398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap;;text-align:right;;vertical-align:bottom;&gt;13
103



 gross margin targets (weighted at 15%)






















































































































































































































































































































































































 Net - Summary of Property and Equipment














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    










    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    




    



 Cash Equivalents

    
    
    

 cash equivalents




 after Allowance for Credit Loss








 Available-for-sale

    




    
    




    




    
    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment








 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property

    


    
    
    



 Net

    




    




    


    
    


    






    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Value

    

 Value




 Carrying Amount

    






    
    



 Value


 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 9
600
000 shares authorized as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019; 9
247
758 and 8
892
886 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020
 respectively; 4
551
950 and 4
188
558 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019





    




    


    
    


    
    






    




    


    




    
    






    




    
    




    

 Balance Begining


 Balance Ending

    


    
    
    

    



    
    




    





 Shares

    



 Shares

    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    



    

    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    






    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    

    



    


    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Available-for-sale
 Realized Gain (Loss)

    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    



    

    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    


    
    






    




    
    






    
    






    





 Income Taxes

    


    
    


    
    
    
    



 Dividends

    



 Down Round Feature
 (Increase) Decrease in Equity

    
    
    









 Accretion to Redemption Value

    
    


    



 Net of Tax






 Debt Securities
 Available-for-Sale
 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss)
 before Adjustment






 Net of Tax

    





 Net of Tax

    


    



 Balance Begining


 Balance Begining


 Balance Ending




 Shares



    



 Stock Issued During Period
 Value

    
    




    





    

    



    


 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Option

    






    



 Value

    
    



 Value

    



 Options











    


    



    

    



    


 Stock Issued

    
    


    



    







    



    

    



    

    



    

    
    

    

    

 Temporary Equity


    

    

 Temporary Equity


    


 Shares


 Permanent Equity

    



 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities





    
    

    

    
    

    



    




    


    



    

    



    

    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant


 equipment



    
    

    



    



 Prepayments and Calls of Debt Securities

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Period Increase (Decrease)

    


    
    



 Excluding Capitalized Interest

    




    



 Available-for-sale

    


    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    



    








    






    
    

    





    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
















    
    
    


    
    

    

    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    

    

    


    
    




    




    



 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents


 Cash Equivalents




 Credit Risk

    


    






    




    



 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    

    



    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    


    
    

    



    


    
    




    


    
    

    

    
    




    


    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    


 Intangible Assets
 Indefinite-Lived

    



 Nonpension Benefits

    




    


    
    

    



    




    








    





 Capitalized
 Prepaid

    


    
    


    
    




    








    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

    


 Stock Options


 Stock Options




 Basic
 by Common Class

    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    



 Cash Equivalents



    
    
    




    



 Raw Materials and Supplies

    



 Finished Goods

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    








    
    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    



 Contract to Perform for Others




 Contract to Perform for Others



    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    




    



 Allowance for Credit Loss

    



 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    



 Long Lived

    
    



 Shares

    
    


    
    

    



    




    


    
    




    
    


    
    

    


 Stock Split

    




    
    




    


    
    

    



    



 Value

    


    
    


    
    

    

    
    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    


    
    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    



 Plan Assets




 Plan Assets



    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    








    
    

    

    
    




    


    
    

    










 Available-for-sale

    



 Available-for-sale
 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Gain

    



 Available-for-sale
 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Loss

    




    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    

    


 Available-for-Sale
 Amortized Cost
 Maturity
 Allocated and Single Maturity Date


 Available-for-Sale
 Amortized Cost
 Maturity
 Allocated and Single Maturity Date




 Available-for-sale
 Maturity
 Allocated and Single Maturity Date
 Rolling after One Through Five Years


 Available-for-sale
 Maturity
 Allocated and Single Maturity Date
 Rolling after One Year Through Five Years



    


    



 Credit Losses Recognized in Earnings



    


    



 Available-for-sale

    




    




    






    


    



 Balance Sheet Grouping







    


    



 Inputs




 Inputs




 Inputs



    


    



 Held-for-sale

    










    


    










    


    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    

    

    
    

    


 Interest Rate

    
    


    
    

    



    


    
    

    

    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    










    






    


    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    











 Plant and Equipment






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    

    

    

    

    

    


 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments







    



 Maturity






 Maturity






 Maturity






 Maturity






 Maturity





    
    



 to be Paid






 to be Paid






 to be Paid






 to be Paid






 to be Paid





    
    



 Future Minimum Payments






 Maturity






 Future Minimum Payments






 to be Paid





    


    




    

    

    




    

    

    


    
    

    

    
    

    

    


    


    
    

    

    




    


    
    

    

    

    



    


    

    

    
    

    


 Rent Expense

    




    



 State and Local Income Taxes

    



 Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Share-based Payment Arrangement

    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    



 Other Adjustments

    




    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    


    
    

    

    
    

    


 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    




    




    



 Deferred Expense

    


    
    

    

    
    

    



    




    


    

    

    

    


 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)

    


    

    

    
    




    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures in Period






 Options
 Exercisable





    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    


    


    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    



 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized

    




    



 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award






 Value
 Restricted Stock Award





    
    

    


 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized

    









 Plan Modification


 Plan Modification



    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    









    








    
    

    

    
    














    












    
    

    

    
    








    


    


    


    


    
    

    



    






    




    




    
    


    


    










    
    

    

    
    


    
    

    

    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    



    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    




    



 Net of Tax













    


    
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g109589g93f75.jpg

M87 O



M9&
O96QE;65N='
O

Z=&ET





38P
30F(WA!.TQO8V%L(%1I;64Z( @( @
M( @( @(#(V+4%U9RTR
#(P(#$U.C$Y.C0Y)B-X03M%4U0@5&EM93H@( @
M( @( @( @(#(V+4%U9RTR


M(#$V+C N
7!E.B @( @( @(!!<G1W;W)K)B-X





M12 S

M+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM



#(P+3 X+3(V5#$U.C$Y.C4Y+3 W.C P

M
C R
TP.TR-E0Q-3HQ.3HU.2TP-SHP




M26UG.FAE:6=H=#XQ


M04)!9T5!64%9T%!1\W44%S54=H=F1'.7IA1SEW241-=4U!0311:VQ.02LP
M04%!04%!0D%!64%!04%!14$F(WA!.T%10F=!04%!05%!0B\K-$%$:T9K8C)*



'5)24IO34I#:&=::$I21E)Q4S!6=$Y6


M4C%D;F0T95AP-V9(
2MF


F(WA!.T%64%%$


M5FI)*S!B3DI'=DMA1C

M(WA!.U!Z3F978SDQ-65V-$1!*VY7.7)D975K4U-35%-82$98:E=+84M3-&M

F(WA!.VUU95
Y
M979)3F9T-RLS0VLR2TY:=EIY:$5-4$DX;C5&
UAN2DAY*U1#=D%(2&IV8V)-




M1F)!:6YP
C1)1DM$8FQ18F)+04]R4$IE=S5

M36UP=G)/:EAR851R36]28G%:544Q=F-R1TM)3'$S2E%38U8R5C%:6$$R-54R


6#0F(WA!.V)V
7)P1G T;3
Y2GHY
M2')9*VQF5C5

M1E

O;#


7E*479P4DY*.6M22E=V1VY8251W.$EU


M(WA!.T8O-F\T+VQV3E U.&1Z35!

V4$TY04=V
M;S%%4EDY:$I%
&]!+WEN-&I)4W=31&)$5U%L-5!627!9-5DF(WA!.S!L:6-3
M4E-!36IQ459:4TMG9VIQ1&Q
;$U#:E-:4$IV;G4P=#$T-C-&3G$U;&-F8F0W


M24
V=7)M-W5:8G$V;&5E-6XF(WA!.V1P2G!P0U=D
V
Q6FU9-VMK-%=*3FUY


FUI



VQ5;%993E@T2S5
9W%/-U@T

M4&5O



M0U%X3CA313%O2D5.2%%M;E)G37!L16IM-45*:5%S1DYS1$HR2W5X5CA%+VU9



5W V-6-5.5!4-V5364LR=UHQ2'=*
M+W
S;W8P-%DF(WA!.VEZ5$=C=45%=GHO=6)I835U2F)M6G5C
'IT2DLU-FQN
M3E=0

M(WA!.S-C




94=1

M-V\Q;W9)9T)J4W1.=6A.86
T.4QM84DK=#DF(WA!.VDU:$\S9FY
;7IE8V-!
M4V%$8VYO359D:7)I2T5J*S-&6#!2+WIJ0BM:;#@Q*S-K:E4U
FUT
VEA6%)M
M8S%-8E)G=DI!1#$T;$MU=F@F(WA!.U$K3UDR94A6



Y-W)0;5-E-#%:64E
-C9K16PU9$E/24ID:51
44XV8F-L

M.6A0

3EX

M4TYS
'E$8S=&6'=D*V%N+T%*37)Z4B\R
#=R+T%*4$YM=W@O4TA286HK.$PF
M(WA!.T9S;3!V
&%Z5U!2=7A6


M.$%Q3V=Y
T0Y46-B5B\S6B](5CA6-6Y/;&5M9CA!3T](+T%*3C-34#A!:DAD
M+SE1

&A
1TIE46EK


F

E%Y

Y.'9C.5)T8FDF(WA!.U)E84AH


0FUJ
3)C8S9/9DU55T9A8C52


M3&%)-'!'6$0F(WA!.S%F8G1P-49S8E-05$ER93AN9W0Y2VEG:'1R5T9B9$EG
M25A34G8Y
4=197

V=H5$4Y5R]W0V-E=DM6.'IE;G%';S(F


M-%9E24-Q=TY/

55E*4D)04'IE4UIC-$Q/+WE5.#9Z954O





M.&Y'






S348S
%-R3S4T<4XO16Y%<$%S
'-K
M:F5/4F\U1DLF(WA!.U-)4W)O=V]146%%15EO26-R1E=$03!)3E%F;&ER-W0O
M2S-Y.35C
%1Y4'!-1V=(


V8T64--44)Y4F8U:7=I6'E$-6E&05A45&)Q4TQL5V=K
M:6A:-#(R+VQD46-%3UE4:RMK*S5G4]!1&Q$0D,O-6-7.#@F(WA!.VE
W1T
M4W0S:D)P5&1:1DE.97A$6EIG*W!O


.#8O1]+2UIK-LF(WA!.TMT

M97(V=&4R.79B6&PW4&
R
6]V0S%H;&QD

W6EE!1V=Z2D9%


FUU2C
K



M(WA!.S9C3$%#
S9(8519+U5.2W-R1W9

F(WA!.U!Y8E$K
M:DQ(+VY

M

2M&4#
F(WA!.T



+WI(
G8X07EE6$)



1T5D







4EP*WDF(WA!.U1M3DLX



M
$






M;')#34164W

*U)H

M95=R
C9L:F=U

M:B]O56IY;B\F(WA!.T%.6'4O=T0K0F@O-7!Y-SAW935X9GE%3SAS:#AH+SA!




M87)C3$HV9%%/46I%4W(X2C


M9BM'.$XX2&@F(WA!.W=H=7E'9DQL.4E!97HO;%0K4TAL+W=!:E)
97I&9%
X
M=W5T2DY19&%

#!C9FU5:3@F
M(WA!.S-F.$%/3V(K8DYA;3%F5W9.9#%08WEB4G(Y6&I#4E)G:W)(1W9/:7%T

O




M(WA!.T1H



M;G(O-6)U6]P2'4X9D1H,W(F(WA!.S0K6M9-R]L8V8U-B]W1&QU-68K:V4W
]N<B\U8G58+W!(=3AF











3%59+SA6851D4V-:5VI:2D5#
M
4A-+U=(5T=32F=$.%!Q+T-E


M9V5J
3-5-34F(WA!.TE.3G4U-&I34TM'4C!05VI+:$DV-5-(3$PU:CAL+VU*

SAV6&-.



S=Y8U5(


F(WA!.W8O.$%L;6HK+U-0*V$X
M87A-94Q59#

SDS.$@Y

3AU6&DR



X.&%B-4LX



&Y2
UIJ84EO:&=2*TY24D=L5U-:

4&LS1W=49GDF(WA!.U8K9%AN9E)F3TU8:S
X

O8W9%-V)C
$%O979T1U=)15A&;&HQ
M16A




S5G9FYR*U=';U=$96-M5%9T1G582VEP:&9M





;F@X-68X04]7:G-N;41Y

M=DQ-5VQ8
'E(
$I



S%N+VQ7;FUB-G1Y.5@Y1S-0
M

FYN.'9
=%E/2#%S86A
.6)!





M2%@O=T%092MI8EE4:3)I1G=18FIG=G)&9G
X-F9&5#)R;4TW0C@S961V+U=P




X04UX6%E0



C)U2G(X36-


:&Q!1S-R*U5U53=&6&=(-7 O;%HK6BMP+VTF(WA!.V4S;7IY






&)763 F(WA!.VEV;W!P



M8C145T8Q5695
VMI5U)5-FE/5DQI:TUG5W9W=%AL.'4K4TUS6D-P3W9/;FY!
M


R
7EO-4Y$3VQE16EG
'(Q24DW9VM9651-5&)(3&I%-# F
M(WA!.UAI5VQE5'8K8VUF2DU$84XU9&UH

#5B
5%86FIK
M5&
O6DAW
7I)37-C='DT8UE:-&)$8TIV-4@O04-3.#5A;C4F(WA!.W=I.#0O




M-4TP84]S:U-C4V5

M1%
O375U2D9P3&M'8U-80W



M9SII;6%G93X*( @( @( @( @( @/]R9&8Z;&D^B @( @( @( @







]S5'EP92]297-O=7)C945V96YT(R(^B @( @( @



M03@U.3!$
S$U



3E%-C(X-C
Y-C5#1$-%
M

M:6YA;$1O8W5M96YT240^=75I9#HU1#(P.#DR-#DS0D9$0C$Q.3$T03@U.3!$
M
S$U




#4W044Y13=%03$Q.44V
C@V

M=G0Z:6YS=&%N8V5)1#X*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T179T.G=H96X^
M
C R



M('AM;&YS.FEL;'5S=')A=&]R/2)H='1P.B\O;G
N861O8F4N8V]M+VEL;'5S
M=')A=&]R+S$N




M;G

M.G-T1&EM/2)H='1P.B\O;G




2XP
# P

M( @( @(#QS=$1I;3IH/C8V+C P
# P


M97






S Y($





M+W)D9CIL:3X*( @( @( @( @/]R9&8Z4V5Q/@H@( @( @( \+WAM



R\B/@H@

M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @

M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

MM+;6US(V-V&U)4F,W%RE9BSN=0U)5V%:!HO_$ !P! 0  @
!
M       &!P0% @





:SG&
Y:*#(9?;SG&





M*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI
M3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*4XI3BE.*5A9W'3L0ZY];W\8=@=\[N
M!SLP3./5!VH-








2-.A'8&BEJ3[R%N5CWTN.)5A:J
M=UR]%_J=S.AS$&$



MBW3(#[2*TM[V=8T1S\%QJ=LOMEDMH[A1Z
\JTG/IP#CQS_ON]9I1S3^=%4LY

M$8
5\T]!S_.)!F&S'G


8&(N]5?W
M.MROPHUG5O.KH=#@6=F)[G)&TO'''G=(@


M-KB6L+Z?;/FZF7;
ZG^3Q
.T





I ((]!


MQ2L4NX=*N$_K& OVM($RT[3Z^;)IV^J!5XQ8K4O;W::Z=%;!H

MTS9MEZV@'C3! 6)FW /GOI!:(2K






TE3J[IFL2]7UG:)






MXAY)8EF)9F)+





1C&3YFYVF




RP7


MCT&6[FEM8B2
;HHK




M
;


M+#W ..^K*L[G2]*A72= L);P6A


MZM=/(1Z'$6D&.
^!V23#Q!/=7S$=C.P6ML9+W]U(GQZRSCWY&^]7+ZOLW!0(


Q

M3K636MMGZ\W%4(R_:NN5?O=.E\D-A3];D6)(')03RQ9&-*RRK+T=
1)C;P$S
MR+0LM#2+!$=*!'#OCMXDL

MNK:]A6XM)X[B%\A9(G#KE3AE..JNC JZ
 Z








? ;S;R.QIQ/62MJ6H6*D:I8[HP#C4M-66ZM1@='N

9)/M;1/(UTYV7H^F2\CUW[3[QZK*N]5T3M!JK


VND
E/2W47
MKS/6/8Q^U\SNHZ-9(78\_%HA+59Z?8*Y'SE1-O8;99@J[V'6SXZ
NDP*\P+8



GV@

!CDF


M;Q % G:


M5/'EC#


JG)SF)6TJ*_P G/EEZ[^
_7GSEU+9OV\[-&/DZRT/ 2;#%




M-M:$8[!/G-U\.9PN&EMZ1-1JD!50*-!5J AJ5%0;%8BZC%1$?'UF.K8H28T:









4I=DYTV)A0$943*28(;3Q#?SW-O!]EA\W'BU


ML$DBK/*)!D/&4C@!/

MVK0':T4ZRW%ZZ 02M!&&B



M:F9(*#I&OH8V*GMF6914:)-UFMP-TNM3S+:WC9'N+AF2VB94(3'-GE8$K##N

MO%]8MHKA9EMXBRQ*D!YS
YSNED81@-+*6=F(4$+M41CBBVLM'X9UV^N3Y[J%
MQI\MF]_=JCW


3-RBUNO
M

-;BTK7VM+F
M01V^KPK:AV(5%NXWWVI8GH Y:6!?_P!R9
X&35Z/R%=W];^/OJ[L'L-?R #)
M*( =A]:4@@Y A^Q]F2;#S=6J

NI ^$Y7V
MF:?+J5W%;1 @
0TT@&1%-\A\










M=6TH#IS$#95AX[6#P3HVQPR!J^(D6NV2/


#1]
M2KM7#CS29?8NP.NMED5W2


TI/-;2+
3R(-C2[3ADCQU2

MWF3B7BB3W1U:ZV74
$QYD5L7O'),-LEPB[1'$!YO:@!45F5&CM&\B-6K3B
ME.*4XI3BE.*4XI5;;NG[2'IOI;V@VWU@L_6?9]TG=2S$3$'VB#N-4CHJ85+U
2S=$:6.:%4??%',JL-P $@'7Q!\*

8%8Z))?.CD
FN$F.&/%1C0B G1QF%M90^\
M\HYE;*5(:(RWDG@N[R +RW(())*2#!&
#'4G.3[!@Y[QG7+Y8-(*



4-
M@*68]



BUU6

_9[[8?\ P34'_-OG;[S-0^-6




LHGM9.5&\G+0S


95E._T[
MAV]U.V%U!+:I&7=
3/



M_2T^J]PU\1USYM8?^IUGYX\?-;U8\ENU[CI[1-![ 5.S4C7I6RI4[;55UU!0

M0


M)+^ZAM(F1))BP5IP0;49SN*JS=RD#GKCN'6M7K.JP:)IEUJMS'-+!:*CR1

K'O8]Z&K
M4P2ESW
9$RA2G6^N7@_5$0LDEI
P[HTDD5F_$9(D3/Y3J/;7?;^5KAJ:98Y8



M\)UVRHH]+/TBJ/:Q J6Z;Q=PWJ\BQ6&KVLLS=$AD,EK,Y]172022'V(K'Q
M[JD
YK*D=.*5A=75-U[R%;:8E\82_M?J#HDZAD.XQ[Y@NBMO[^#VC&B95C'H


0%
[!J]J9L?S?FUX%S[.:8^_IG'CC


.TY +ECUKQ3G?6!4^?LZ7=:A=0.



C


P#]RY-4 E

Z2.O*
*.'&V*5F8=$$;[RNTX[9)=U]!Q-_U3JX^=
MGA;YO&I+N&J:^559H)ZU!L-NH+C2C#QA8VDS(
OF-JA@FQ3:@PU=)^J&U6
M$_Z/:ZQ87)CFEKR[=PDS;U.PG& 3(I7+CE0\M&?&T9KN;6]/2XM+5I)!

MD:' .V:RV[8&H++5-5
0F
H4'(1FV2

F*A$'&UK[Z;S3M#LKK6X+]HI;A[+E*L=]!%':S3PR2ND
EFUM#;






MUQ:7,*CO:6&1%_;90I_&:V=EK.CZ@0EAJFGW;8Z1VUW;RN /#EI(7&/05%


MUYU4:T\%!$'-23XY#8;3
A




=*YM)(TC

M(R


'V9K49NNNONN/ON.//


M&AKUSP=K/N[P]IU\[;KA8O-KSKEO.K;$4C-U.#
 MP!^#*OIJ2OFJJ3TXI3B





]/3)B!@HV*BHYATDV0D3B&A08\$9;K[[K0PK&5*0WP


F00R69P9Y0;S

ALR$5+Q4B(XZ
;'R 1#)0A3#BVGF'4.(5E*L
M9Y6+H\;O'(K(Z












M1_6;B61I.9.)2\P
21L.6K1\MYKF-HI2TSJ81OD


T






[2/'8QDRW#
TE


B0P*)3!&S
M
L0


+.%ML1L^?

04A+09

M%CM=2-LT$H +0SQY)CE7()!)5E(=&=&5CE#S$K:TXI3BE.*4XI6L4]HJ#^6\
MP':Q[T]
'@Z$

MR4@@MEX





M=TG:D#$@ #&WO:N


M4*RE6
*SG&?3ED'N/=T/L/HK@01C((R
C((R#W$9[P?2.E=@BH:2MI]7JE0@

M@/P0IZQ6Y*


A'


M




M% QV
AHY=Z,/!E(JHYW6
M\&U6['=-\]CNJT-'5;L?UXE=[ZKV/K:/90'$[EJ_6W;NQM7 MCALHPB*VU$U
MB1:8<Q+:!+_ !Z !I'.) N.G')I8<0/:WWFMXS/:W0MIHI2<F![N&*8Y)[X



FE\
6TI
4:9Q)M)4K#N
M%U=D95[EUY%MEA&F[




M\N=!HII[3@FXGKML



MK*FT2.F2K5

MT)VU3$
65Q<3Z=:P6ZN97D.I/=Q2SW
3RI;/!'!9J)+VXEB6WMWFE
MM 9G0FH:IF+=A)B6A7RHTY^(DCHMXV&D@YF'
=CRG1'HJ7CGB(^5C2%M9=!
MD@7WPSA5M%O.



MV0M&ZR(Q5BI*.A*NAQE74E6&00:SS\;GD1W%XW^PD-M_7!14S2Y9T&&W%J

M'&W?CA
M9INJG:ZN1C'?7/OQMIMB;3=1
_D_P!79O\ H)_-BX-!L_
M+MHF&V21?.)0

993XK+-SIQ[):B

)/-(RAM&7RS'ED$O90TA#2
NO.+7E#:$-I

LQ))Z8'4DGH


MSA2

M5T8JP/M# BO9%O/%=00W






M$LFW



MUC5(93



DBK$55JE*W.1$#5*P\$X)/99L=SEVXL
8J\$_8#
M(M
XIEF[0
'9Z] S:DN.8P3Q]TBJ_;, +8PPM+D_7(0P

8V9
YS\%V&
'/7 7
4




!
14?/S 

MVJ7&DW3
SP1F:,[F&W:Z._9!MV%*@LK%5)P0229EY/M4FL.*--C0HD%]
M





8806M'!X_






M[UT1K9E-WTW4]\:Y+W$_(ZVJ#5EJ?4C;PFX\S=0FZ_M
159L^V':LK65FL*9


4MX8O-99.



=MYNTBS

N#'DROI^)6U'SNVL;W2KVST727N)+:5[-+R-[=8K0*+C4#?I ]





5$J












MZH&#]+51HYE*




65CVE(9N
O:(E
D3O-ODD2*
QB%C(XV
@BBA7( D1;??$L
M;HH*


:
TB@AF=E7+G)^MC:[\

R&8_*_RDEYUH[L-+


6*/A91!H

MK?K+*78\+*DD&4K2#52GUUWXR

B+7D(HUIV7\'V


MSLJC&%P
5/-I+VJ+K;MZ


1


MAI9L%U[%5K[3L#\\X=.6

XWO
MVL85;7\GG!$NA(VK:JBKJEQ%RX+?(8V-N^^]@2OG
V 'VD\J



L

M#USW 9Z$'OZ$8.:M+Y0(2Y*ME
OV$4@[P(RI[3-M.X

)L2DU2]0R5K2XM
;'P!#$.N5ETL$Q[IF%FV2\+=2TV':'(/N5GF*P\X

9


K@



M






)::K'V@BX2

=XHLO.]

8JP?)KK'N7Q+!!(VVVU9#82@GLB9COM'QW



M



Y
MO N)J-C9P)ET^NT*%P]!0$B;'





2Q?NVL7^B(AJ-^Z_YVBVN%'4
&[R1C!4=^.T

M[[_O?;1=8L/T=I#6LQKA%AGWHPB 
W-LF=6ZAZ@ML13!@GW-::#=C;0R;(G&

G!WSG*8 &(_$@D6]Y)


5#6


EO83

FZC(RM@Q'9WF[1(!T6&= TL*#HA29%QK&*K:\

9%-O$Z]VYBKD

58/ 7#5QK]Q=-!KKZ2L 1;B*TED34+B%\DE$22)1!GL-*YD57
M(!B.1F\YTC\472CH&E4OHW6'TCLTL5P68W;LD[%WVS*I(0I!V&;$8

!5QY)
M*L_2D=1H:K1DIE*%R01;K:'

T'(@.Y6C9$








M(%U*4N@




B-MK1


ML0_9@7


IZBK%'(Q5D4XI3BE.*4XI7$#)E&)2746ZT]#/( +C'







MS4GU;B+5[QI5F1KV:&W=/L9M;9S;VQ3J1M:&-')!PS

M9


2$)7Q*1&-OM9



CF2;9KIAZ&2

.G7*^E6'2N
MV*18S(60/OBDC .SLLZX#]M).JGJ-H5_P70]:^&$FI:M3418X0*B9V E(^:
IJ7:K(BK3,9/P<;=X45J\P <I$$F /+K=P8G( QAM_+P)T:2 8VP8
2Z21I.T8Y\:NA93RI@\; '*LI4X((K)3F+6SIQ2M<![3FP^5Y4)@45E
MTDDG2&FV!QV&UO/OOO#S;;3++3:5..NNN*2AMM5+6M6$I3E6<8Y:79 T=2
M3@XG))[@


D3O/.?/#ISRV8



*2.==N\[.F!*O$_9;;'@

M4




M$?G8$=TRRQO(K
27M^W$D4A[0-;)[HITUUMT)ZR:[ZTZQ==E(RGC%'62W& L
M1\O?KQ-OY.M%TF1F'BDL$RIN4L  *-/^A( *'K[)I(L2.ZJJ]0OI=1NY;N;H



D!LV9KNK)S;5-7\+#A@UPT^PK8L
M2B-7G&5

K#CB

<=*X-UK6]*DU72XX;N.&YEMI;591'=J\4<4I94E12*R3+M3
M&4MD
]

GW#(F=@I@5A_Y





,Q*<'\G./U5X]
MXIE2;B77I(\;&U:_VD=QVW,BEA^406SXYS6#O-A6AIQ2MIQX*B2_$UTO=*:
M4RZC7]G&2A6/3.1PMGWH

M]9BC)_L)Q7K'@(D\(:&2
'S:48/H%U. ?U@ CV&I:.::I?3BE.*5K9?:5YRP


M$Q*R.)!L+:VU08E5#J1&Q+$H IB.3\NE/NY:)=+?=2_[Q&'R7?BJ5G..59Q
M6 -8EP,9AA)[^IVG)Z^S&/# Z5Z;\F#.W=MO??BZNU3&

M.34_W(W5A4XI3BE.*4XI43GFN[+E=;O&AVNNE1E*VNYR=:CM*QHLC*/LE!2F
MY3H:FRF8]F
]\K[K(2B6N5NT( 4L1G+4:/*%J=CD99*W.@V@NM5LXW#\L.9R

MP3-.BD@80



MNO:# G(KNE156!EY7UR$

MB


4784J1'U$A

M /=4F-7\A/0N[SB:U3NZG5*TSZQBS&XB [!:IECGA065$&OL
!6MY3[8@S;A
M).6??^ 
TZ0Y[K+3CB=4^F:C&NZ2PO$4$ LUM
H!)P

MB3E0:YI$TA#










M'8L[N]]:
[NS$LS
Q+



A;ZV&7$LI4YE.






7DBO[';J6FJ@%Z4AO.:X7FR0J
M3#+ K@Y

YQ_H


MI^'EA3F%^N


M=IW .=B@XW L5# U0_ G%VD\








504Y1=!:S



MRV,8W3%-N0E8F1[NPB8?9?L 1%C?L


MO +J
D9&
*9!;7$
Y0
2%+B)V*ABK!2V 2#C.#7J
M7.FLJJ-'M7'82LB7_2_4BAQ\%$F$X7V5WN3!QP 1EJN)T:3K/4KMJ+ 99?DY

MG: RMWG.*'\KFHQ+/8Z/;K&C-G4[\HJJTLQ4VMF92N[QPI-U?)$;Q ': *

FPB8YT=1JR4

M\(PTT^ZGX1JWL*XA@6P#A02


G: I
M
=Y#$=6 4'X(KF98TBVH CR2!@@$A,BQ*59_A,BB(%$)PC-(5P7;/Y
MPJ(9R9B46)^3%KZY,!$Z3BGS(\,HIK$H_$@G&QP1LFR%E]P 0R0 %(*2TR
M0:*RM;[?UMVUM@!;!VAB0I;'0,00


M#9?':881-JD]54[BHZ%V[Z_!XD@C#.'WG\#,I&'P\ZMW# Z%+6AAGU*PTR

O3;7

MR4D 9) &0
OG4X2=
F3@WAX^SQT'OO6-:F
M#84EQ.&SQHVP1DC#F/



M
C'YTKY$M8@O1\U5#XC4NXY2':4T6'\
UZ8T[?27!TIPTY&2_P!+TT^8)RM]


R%







; !-*1*FT1H&=2).6@)597O&GY
:ET-V9UHD8[6
MU-AHVK'7X;M'=T4NN;BV17[Q:H\:FP^PI&NV^?BJS2($6I6]FO1 U/?FYZ


M
K*1T*L".A!R*Y#GRN58;=I/R-O^/=[_,SW)L/KG_1\ST;[I@I_P[ZU%I


^[BRSL5[^$YPM2?
M5*




)@KX;
MAR6E;








MQ2G%*UPWM0?Z4
_]0&HO_J6GEH\(_:@?I


M!9Q+&QW9#/*%F8J
X 4

M1\Q+&





0P\EFNQ(!TP:4;@B(!CPRSI4=80[JT

MTD\.V?(+)

M A1L4JJJI(+L^7( +MER S$L$H#M10/J@2(

MQ/O#/)&PS)/ 2C8N&RU

COZY (\
^-?

M'0;3U-#RRHV[PXP&!PRM\(E@PVE
=A0FU\]IC(.BUZ$QJV\#Z]@M@2\0)!ZZ

M]I&7F2(D[R5#HKJHP7DA#9)2OEA=8V\,[*F-;@G6:M:NJTGL2V%%HB9:NZ
9UB0 E



=F]
MZM2S6B9*47ZJQ](VVOL5Z]/X3G&
(M+7HAO_ -6BGM=LO
=4N80
1N_/A]'+

SG\*9!'.?SHJ4;FH



M%

ML%&P5#=IH'0J,5IY[=VU\;J5;:ZA)B66Q

'




_

6^_D5Y^BW'^2];+1OMQI7]96/[U%6VM[
Z$IO:+K_M_
MKU?QAR:KMRAS]

MQI+B:9M+F2TN8+F


MUP B4J\L5%/2$6\^R.Z5#RF!D24.:IEKYV
+$+2A*7DXY=5O/'=00W$1S'/&



MBR

T&^2W3=
T41FN' 


^F?





M8#$ )& 0

M@HYN @9450TSKC2&'QYF&ASQW4I?CY_84DQ'VZQ1S_J\#&1E+CBV(^9!FP\5
6CPC]J!^DS_P#DKS3Y5ONJ_P#IMG_BGJNQR3U6M.*4XI3B
ME.*5ZAKG54SMFVU6B40P63MEHCCUL1A(LF
ANR-$RXT#31R!PCOGINY$C5Z'
MJ[C;3
:79[A0)IHL%FL=




041V=M!;KM4


;) '#;BH5@H.\=60

M/_0=LR%__P#/_=^?G5[OZ/\ 'X?[)/H5DC@3BX_^X[O];0#^^85VFL^/RL6
M5F12STWV0:TTSF
;EK#J2O!E$Y
8;(9.
MFRJ]D(= 2B262A69-3A3# BQF

M7JV.7*M@2(+4A!E&P6Q6XR
+N$2+\JF7@+(DX2.]
OR49)LCXQGXGT4EPET
MZL5VK.+69L9!(8!HLL$;[UDP3X%236QA\G'&B%Y=
BEB23FO9/J5JN\*R[H
MV

0+L1G[*L1WJNYV&Q




S
M

M)SG D7&!
H9CX2!BF

MK:TA2WC6**
855'
M]K
3U9CWLS$LQZDDUJ-0U&]U6[FOM0N)+FZG;=)+(?#[U$486.-!V4C0*B*
MJJ *SK\*5$M6P?*7TPC:D&445 [?C+W



4+
MM^(5JRN6]7DZG%*G?\.WA0V?Y%K;'[2V:Q.ZUZ?UJ7]VP7?#&09_:QL:3[AU

C&
C;+.04CZ






MO0].H/CU]/3OKZ!NRH;*X&21M.1VNA&2 




9G1XLD.-C.@RF






MMK*VU6VL&VN





4^2222222223DDGJ

M] ]Q*Y1L7B;T)?1Z%LFO
M3&



M8FH2
U(%P720(=A9BA#!2';*R;9!L'3;U[(TA%PUM.T<Q0M(7$7

M:T?3+

XZ[9$W1MZ58BM

M:KQ\DU5O3BE6G_9+_P#+G[!_ZITY_C!J+D/XS^U]K^F#_(FJV?)!]OM2_JA_


MJ*MP_P I&O9U1F^7?I/GOKT2V_I2$!'+V;$C[.TLX]EIT;1HK19L/%LOOY
M2R*JY0Y




K*

;&8N^*I
1.LHI
ME2L_&DK!LF5$$ID+&C(2XM;QLRATA:

M69 6K-2 PI4S-FLB2]SD@ 9&0B@08B!B:SUO7)=6D*&BLXFS%3VG;!'-E
MQT+D$A5&1&0Q+,?1_!O!=KPM;M+(RW6JW*!;FZD)&F0WFUJ& 980P!=V


M@A@V[LE2



A

:1HUUK

F\]K=E-K7/=N[+E*WW9=^EG9BR6.7<3EQYW
M*4LB  



6NVA?7[OQ*-5[0K





.0HK(J!USKVK3$C8JQ1*;7+!+M*'EIR!J\)
M$3$HPMUI];
C)QX(YIK2GV&7E-DONH4ZRTYE.5MHSC%:61UO([*O559V90?
M2 20/UME';V\3M)%!#'(XP[QQ(CN
@X9E4
<G)QW9_%7PQQD!2B$#. 57 SWX&,#
M/CCOKZA8\ ''H$&'C./3.!1F1\9Q_H]&D(QZ?\ =SX23WDG\9S7(*J_!4#\
M0 _NK[.?*^UTN=UOKNT'YE++0J78I-338^9&=JT'+GY89][X+.3) $@C+37O







@@]01U!KUGG3673BE5W/.IWZZO]%M=N10.


&-)
:Y29EY&P2\K/3!


K]UMM,)3BT54*JJ
MHPJ@*H]  P!^HO-$CM*[R.=SR
SNV 


M\S/D

KQ[V=K9:%IEAAH;97D'^^GQ-)GTJ6&R
^DQHF?&HQK/&_$FN92ZOW

MEVGQ4J




M&&9#'7(3




MN?T


X]



MN665UCCC2\A9Y)'8*B(JN2S


%P\
M7([+2M-FU2[2WCRJ#MSRXR(H@1N;VL?@HOWS$9(4



MHNF:':BTTRTCMHNA=E!:69P



#E8;RTZ


4

M?5UY\WD^C6'[[N%_7^D_/H/IT_N^-'[=G5K]\M*_FW'N/JOJZ\^;R?1I[[N
M%_7^D_/H/IT_N^-'[=G5K]\M*_FW'N/JOJZ\^;R?1I[[N%_7^D_/H/IT_N
M^-'[=G5K]\M*_FW'N/JOJZ\^;R?1I[[N%_7^D_/H/IT_N^-'[=G5K]\M*_F
MW'N/JOJZ\^;R?1I[[N%_7^D_/H/IT_N^-'[=G5K]\M*_FW'N/JOJZ\^;R?1
MI[[N%_7^D_/H/IT_N^-'[=G5K]\M*_FW'N/JOJZ\^;R?1I[[N%_7^D_/H/I

#;#82--(4((=)CQ!A+@@I)2%CLO/)2AQU.4)SE

6MG3BE.*4XI3BE5@NQ_LPFB.QW8#=6_YOM!MN
MMS&Z=HWG:
I7XNGTXN-A#[Q8YQEQ8!1;NB P7I!8P[Q&

M[IXTB@*(T\C2
BEADJI; )ZX'6O%OQ1SKI]KO=7[#T;^-SO]^EW\2M_VY*P?





















M:#C7I-N$:(]UB/DSAYUC*9.)CGF
MM+8ZD KW
:W?#_DVTK0=3BU


2EY)75$0=[

M=O/=W


M_H^EQ:5:+N&F?#W,H'V23'

M'N-X=2V\'G5\!UU[R3@^/(7'+MEZD#E*)IVR228S4M7-+4OIQ2G%*@


+TP-H_MJO^)O)




B%A*L
FPL-R

?;%3YK6
_



]]




'4ZO!!N2$Y9+-+ 0
M!# 



X5G;Q\/:




&WA4@-+/*D,2EB%4-
M)(RHS$*

L);)42QO&6 QDKO SC(S


MAD#&
7-S# 9 N-Q02NFX+N7=MSC(SC(KN%0N50V#7(RXT*UUN[U&:;?=AK34


4D1XW7&Y


MI
+RVY@491.'B


T-VIK.DLQ. JZC9LQ/H $Q)/XJRA#,$
MD!!CPAC@3&&B@S WVB1QGT)=8(&(94ME]AYM27&GFEK;<0I*T*RG.,\Q"
M00002

]8P)4#YZ+.
]MH94W*'7=')*KKN1E9<@95@PR#75/Z=G2'[
M9'57_P8;4?_ !?SG[G:A\1O/FT_T*Z?=_0O76D_\1L_]:G].SI#]LCJK_\
M







MI0TTM2LYQC&



CDC=HY(Y+^U1XW0E71T:4
KJP*LK %2 17&?TWNEWVO.K

MQC&


M*!R

MM5TS3%#:CJ%G9!NJ^=7

M&CY+:-:K;T@2M6$-BQV;*9$-2)+R\X2P.X0\^K.




MIG\XQ$?Z]V*SQJ5QJ%_KT;;:):JW=:K

_

M.9]Y.4_%%)=1[V

4D1XW4X9'4HRGT%6 (/XQ6_AFAN(UFMY

@00NT



G3R$X0WMM*

1\_7)^)
1\062AYJ


V_5*R])NN!0


MT][(_2UT:+)WUVUMJ-CFQS!$O$ZII$(U4*[)NLI4_%AR]K*.EK6


M'4-8G\Y9072S@C$
;D=55YBSS*I^_*0EOP%J/#M9[.'WVZF;1UK:.FEGE^QT
M?+7


MK$EM+/BC3KV&5+]%M2L9

+N=CGK$8R2.JEP&Q&]7\F?$&D7=


M.5I
_P!CHFJCQVS)_7Y9)E?FY



D
@NWN$9F=-X*

M&
*LNG(.OM&/JQA#.9B:B0

M5?;T#K7OT^WQ&AW]DIU?O?2EX+(?&U+




MGF%[\M+_ )F^^2@_ZFMT/)'Q
0#YWHO7_P#E7O\ Z?7^_P 5%\CO]J73K]Y.

M3IK8.L4;*38).@R4Q+U(G-PV_?[[%_1
C/0%8EB

PUICF#OFX
'X4BT6PQ\
MP.VT6_!M8O(M0U*YO(%D6*;D[1*%5QRX(HFW!6=1ED)&&/3!.#D[.$])N=

SVBJL0NP9+80MC;.JAJ 3B'6JY0+%&8%(<<PL52));RD8S\
M9EI7HG





-TN;HJ\M1\7.2@
[&#Q90TZ/.]?$NCV]S9R:C;(BW

M





M]Y.W_P#D'S3^_+2_YF^^2@_ZFI;]2/B;XWHOSJ]_]/K]A_92?(XT^PZK:73O


$*%(:0@AL%54@MN6N_*!QB_#=I%:6!7




K*1T*LI!!'0@@BN2Y\


MC9;04PME[$-$D  OHEY&

2%0'[XY
M/0&HYQ5Q%!PSI$VH2*)9F8065N3CGW3JQ16P01$BJTLQ'41H0IWLH- G377G


MGFQTWB?RA:E-.\QF$9'/N[EFCLK)')*PPH@8+D [(($+'K))@%I*EWEO9$-H



MI8P9.!D5
Y4




R

?UU[:2FQ;3UVC;1BA;&UQL]N:
1H\I-Z^
M+%?&-B9J2+@7SZH2.2E:AXZ2*< =:?2XH9\9Y+F%Y:7[V:R50)564%5$@64

]._(KT?)(S6TDML5D=H&DMRCL8RT1!Z@JQ*D'N(/HJIC$&



$+6EK/S[2&






C8KHT_P K

MK4_*$


W/[]=5
%S25
JKQ^T]_HMI[]
1W[6ZS^G0?NYJV[*2L7!QI\S-R0$/#Q0A!\G*RA@\?&QP
M(K:GBC3SBW&10Q!F4+=()(=;99;2IQQ:4ISG$+ +$*H+,2   223W  =23X
M5<#ND:L[LJ(@+,[L%55 R69B0% '4DD #J:U=7FVK1N[?E=W/.]9$BWF'O]


XX^RRTVO./5*$X^KD3O+9K.ZGM68.T






WG9/G'Q
K%8?A*K&&#J+PY@=Z5PPVRI;A+#;EE


M+JSRQ6W8]TE!P3)
B-J5([?R%FL9[$;'
DR$@\'#QAA#8(([YA:VTCBLNON(


]8;!VE\TVX=?F2CPX

)P/0


M1XH5HV77-AZOOI([2&%S=;OU2:I$B7AO?FY!HYV*)(.?PHGZ
C((#+BA



+S
M1U

:O@?C

M';4M)L
GE0V


?L




M8'&V/=U3OM$V*L-EL?
H]AHPP'X3L?QT%Y7]-@@OM*U.)%26^

5NIVO





$GWQ]?P





-X; +
 *;\I'!NBZ/I\.KZ7'YD[7D=K+:1V@F$L





YB'L6:25__
M (F*LX\B=6E4
_M FO9S8WB7[6 UX9XV1J\?KG83PK#:G%+@Z+M:DV*U$K]W



GPCFLYL;@R!TL
M[JX8$)/

MR2
I&V.Y^7 LFT]=DB-W

\)(EZD^[7##Z
MNHC=F6


JJV.O@<51N@<

#JAJGY4%,],-P<U1K6^
M)VOXGM+.-X;9^DLDF!-

T0_I@^V__






P
97Y]J
F(J6!#W%E?0ZA:+=6K!@ZD;6

C&5GMF;LW%L6VJZ


UPS!6$3(]CJ( RI-V6C \6.;LF(F%-8K/7M1U.YN7M;]1 L#]


MV'J::FHA SDM$1.QNU\Q3Y&4BT&MO!KD0 YAXL));+HRB6FL/M.-96C-PVLQ

MXJ7E==VZ(M\=&2:PZ^R8B//


DEC=V]W&DBVVQWMI
MDF57VQ!MK





M#.)2X
3&N



MAMXNNZFU_(NS@\O


2U+U)

+'=NL]?(5.

O[))B'V_J


M-1D2*=4$1DGQR;E
N<#+JH]B;5&.@%:F'RB\9Z<@MKB=963#W0L5\X7'0!



MFYBS.V
@


M)D62*:-XI8W&5DCD4HZ

MW:OOVEW)F0W;I['Q77QH6V0-9_\ 2]YZ&

M%;NZLXY#-:W%B7:^LNI(CECB///+&5Y\2O&Z#
O++%*\L7YV/-LN&SJK.T+/
<S<W&S=[F0Z]&.EMT?


.-Y*)2-ED?T9=6CD^LBX7EBA



WMJCG0P&RJ)::*;+A#4X




MU#R'U;%.*4XI3BE:XGSU=3^TVS/*YVENVN.M._\ 8%
F4:1Q#VZD:;V+:ZQ+

8QC'I
MC&
?0OYL8^K'
GS;AK\#2/V[7Z58'G_E&'^\XL^1U/\ TZ_OW\_:#?\ _)/*





M?J]^JTY3K$R$=/

?90LJJ65T
M9IPTS7]O4


52=@YIK
.E:S:)+%?6:721[[:1YXD

JL3W
 T3Y.

EF




MSWA28V/4%A@U16_''!%Q*(([^S0G+O#%YYIMP!T$G6.:U9BHZ%U2=%.TA#D
M5W.S>:7S9=IXM_5-.V+LHA^=:5%F1G7G1T3#7V4R^GX.60I^B4PB]Q);F5Y3
MA57E(
^FI%_$/[.WN.V[0JO9KR%55ZD:_K

R%_P!H6
8E
D 7M*.P\4FKTYF1P@V6K4ZZJUVE]EZ)G(:'AB'G

M#]:D!EPR@C5:WHUGKVFW&F7RDPS@%77'
@F3K%/$2#MDC;KZ&4M&X*.RG7R[
MF\9_EG\1&ZS-GZ*#VQ*P4





MEQ+)/



L4.KPR321Q
M((IP7D=40$Q

'

MP%)+ME*80]&6!6P^YAT
C!2HSL4L0ZSC@[R93V]S#J?$:Q#D
LMOIB.LVZ52

 'defref_dei_CoverAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentReceivablesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesAOneRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquitySharesUndesignated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesATwoRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalariesWagesAndOfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_OfficeExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OccupancyNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_MerchantServiceFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommunicationsAndInformationTechnology'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensesSalariesAndWages'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseExcludingAcquiredInProcessCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensesStockBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_SalariesAndWagesSalesAndMarketing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_StockBasedCompensationSalesAndMarketing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TravelExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterestAndDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleRealizedGainLossExcludingOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_GrantIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionToRedemptionValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityDividendsAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantDownRoundFeatureIncreaseDecreaseInEquityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCostsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityValueExtinguishedDueToConversionIntoPermanentEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquitySharesExtinguishedDueToConversionIntoPermanentEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecuritiesNetOfAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquitySharesRepurchasedDuringThePeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeemedContributionFromTheRedemptionOfPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_RedeemablePreferredStockRedemptionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockbasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityStockSharesIssuedDuringThePeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTemporaryEquityBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalDeemedDividendOnBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AllocationOfProceedsFromRedeemablePreferredEquityToWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalAllocationOfPreferredProceedsToWarrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeemedDividendOnWarrantDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalDeemedDividendOnWarrantDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCostsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityValueExtinguishedDueToConversionIntoPermanentEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquitySharesExtinguishedDueToConversionIntoPermanentEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecuritiesNetOfAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockOptionPlanExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_NoncashConversionOfNotePayableToGrantIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_IncreaseDecreaseInDepositsAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToEmployeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PaymentsTowardsAdvancesOnPropertyPlantAndEquipmentToBeAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfRedeemablePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PreferredStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeemedContributionFromRedemptionOfPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockAmountConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PurchasesOfEquipmentIncludedInDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PurchasesOfLandIncludedInPrepaidAndOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInDebtAndMarketableEquitySecuritiesAndCertainTradingAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
Total investment securities <div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
Total investment securities <div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<td colspan=14 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=14 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PreferredStockDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock'
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ImpactOfCovidNineteenAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ImpactOfCovidNineteenTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<td colspan=18 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td colspan=18 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_InitialPublicOfferingPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ConcurrentPrivatePlacementPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_FixedAssetsHeldForSalePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ShippingAndHandlingPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_RepurchaseOfStockPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_StockSplitPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_StockRelatedWarrantsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsIndefiniteLivedPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNonpensionBenefitsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_JobsActElectionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
Total investment securities <div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
Total investment securities <div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsClassifiedByContractualMaturityDateTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLossContingenciesByContingencyTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsAndRestrictedStockActivityTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=14 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=14 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DisaggregationOfRevenueBasedOnChannelsTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=18 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td colspan=18 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<td style=font-family: &quot;times new roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DescriptionOfDefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=lsf_RestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryAxis=us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryRawMaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInAccountingEstimateByTypeAxis=us-gaap_InventoryValuationAndObsolescenceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lsf_DanoManifestoVenturesPbcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentArrangementContractToPerformForOthersByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LicenseAgreementTermsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentArrangementContractToPerformForOthersByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LicenseAgreementTermsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentArrangementContractToPerformForOthersByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LicenseAgreementTermsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentArrangementContractToPerformForOthersByTypeAxis=lsf_LicenseAndPreservationAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TermOfTheLicenseAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentArrangementContractToPerformForOthersByTypeAxis=lsf_LicenseAndPreservationAmendmentAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AdditionalTermOfTheLicenseAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_RedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesAOneRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesATwoRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesBOneRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_NumberOfStockRepurchaseTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=lsf_IMFProductionLineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=lsf_DepositAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AdvancesForFutureEquipmentPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PrepaidSoftwareCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PrepaidConsultancyFeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_USTreasurySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=lsf_InvestmentSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=lsf_FederalAgencyBondsMortgageBackedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesAfterOneThroughFiveYearsAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesRollingYearTwoThroughFiveFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuritiesHeldAsCollateralAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsNonrecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPercentageOfOutstandingStockMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_FirstInterstateBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_EastAssetManagementLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PercentageOfEquityOfferingsEligibleToBeSubscribedForByTheLender'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PercentageOfOutstandingCapitalStockEligbileToIssuedPursuantToMergersEquipmentLoanFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_EastAssetManagementLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_EastAssetManagementLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_EastAssetManagementLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_LineOfCreditBorrowingBasePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ReceivablesOverduePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_EastAssetManagementLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_LineOfCreditBorrowingBasePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_EastAssetManagementLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_EastAssetManagementLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=lsf_EastAssetManagementLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=lsf_ForgivableLoanCityOfSistersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=lsf_ForgivableLoanCityOfSistersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_NumberOfEmployeesForWhomOpportunitiesWereCreated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_SalaryPayableToEachEmployee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PeriodOfMoratorium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=lsf_ForgivableLoanDeschutesCountyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_NumberOfEmployeesForWhomOpportunitiesWereCreated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_SalaryPayableToEachEmployee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PeriodOfMoratorium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lsf_FactoryEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lsf_FactoryAndOfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=lsf_IMFProductionLineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=lsf_FactoryEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleLongLivedFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ScheduleOfContractualObligationsAndCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lsf_RiiLundgrenMillLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLeaseIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_PercentageIncreaseInLeasePayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ReimbursementOfExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ReimbursementOfInitialExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ReimbursementOfFinalExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lsf_PrwPrincevilleDevelopmentCompanyLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLeaseIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lsf_PrwPrincevilleDevelopmentCompanyLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLeaseIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lsf_ALogisticsLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLeaseIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationShareBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefitAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsComponentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredTaxAssetsFederalDepreciationAndAmortisation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredTaxAssetsStateDepreciationAndAmortisation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsCompensatedAbsences'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesFederalDepreciationAndAmortisation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesStateDepreciationAndAmortisation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxLiabilitiesOnUnrealisedGainOnAvailableForSaleInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_UnrecordedTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_StatuteOfLimitationsPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_StatuteOfLimitationsPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=lsf_TaxYearTwoThousandAndThirtySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLimitationsOnUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=lsf_IndefinitelyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLimitationsOnUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsAndRestrictedStockActivityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentWeightedaverageFairValueOfOptionsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=lsf_EmploymentAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPlanModificationIncrementalCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lsf_StockIncentivePlanTwoThousandAndTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lsf_StockIncentivePlanTwoThousandAndTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_NumberOfEmployeesToWhomRestrictedStockWasGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lsf_StockIncentivePlanTwoThousandAndTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_NumberOfEmployeesToWhomRestrictedStockWasGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lsf_StockIncentivePlanTwoThousandAndTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lsf_StockIncentivePlanTwoThousandAndTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lsf_StockIncentivePlanTwoThousandAndTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lsf_StockIncentivePlanTwoThousandAndTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantDownRoundFeatureIncreaseDecreaseInEquityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantDownRoundFeatureIncreaseDecreaseInEquityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesAOneRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquitySharesUndesignated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesATwoRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesBOneRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesAOneAndATwoPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesAOnePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityGainLossOnRepurchase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_StockRepurchasePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesAOnePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_CommitmentToRaiseTemporaryEquityFromInvestor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_CommitmentToRaiseTemporaryEquityFromInvestor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesAOnePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_CommitmentToRaiseTemporaryEquityFromInvestor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfRedeemableConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_CommitmentToRaiseTemporaryEquityFromInvestor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesAOnePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_CommitmentToRaiseTemporaryEquityFromInvestor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_CommitmentToRaiseTemporaryEquityFromInvestor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesATwoPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityDiscountPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalDeemedDividendOnTemporaryEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesB1andB2PreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_TemporaryEquityStockSharesIssuedDuringThePeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lsf_SeriesB1PreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsNotSettleableInCashFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_ExpectedTimingOfWarrantsAmortizedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_WeightedAverageSharesOutstandingSubscribedButUnissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionToRedemptionValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityDividendsAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantDownRoundFeatureIncreaseDecreaseInEquityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToParticipatingNonvestedSharesWithNonForfeitableDividendRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_NumberOfCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesFromCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_NumberOfVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lsf_LairdHamiltonAndGabrielleRieceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_AdditionalTermOfTheLicenseAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ProductConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_CoffeeCreamersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_CoffeeCreamersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_HydrationAndBeverageEnhancingSupplementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_HydrationAndBeverageEnhancingSupplementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_CoffeeTeaAndHotChocolateProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_CoffeeTeaAndHotChocolateProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_OtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_OtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_GrossSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_GrossSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_ShippingIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_ShippingIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_ReturnsAndDiscountMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=lsf_ReturnsAndDiscountMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_RateOfPercentageOfReturnsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DisaggregationOfRevenueBasedOnChannelsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lsf_OnlineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DisaggregationOfRevenueBasedOnChannelsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lsf_WholesaleMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DisaggregationOfRevenueBasedOnChannelsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lsf_FoodServiceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lsf_DisaggregationOfRevenueBasedOnChannelsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityDividendsAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantDownRoundFeatureIncreaseDecreaseInEquityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionToRedemptionValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'



STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF


M:L


\I1$QD

M'1'JJFK (2FC2
$


M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
&UL
ME9A=;Z
(XB;\1,4]Z
M:BLD_+)2.N8&3O7:2;9:\ ;%$<.<]V!$_-0=B[&V;6YOABKU$2A%'--DC2.

MG?*9=N#A\5Y]EKT\O
R2)V*JHI]A8#;GG5&'!&+%T\@\J-U?HGBAOM7S591D
M?\DNO_?TM$/\-#$J+@8#01S*_#]_+0)Q
( -CPQ@Q0#V;@ ]]@2O&.!E+YJ3

74_4B-)G#C)$N^;ZX


V@9%
W!.+)U?QP)UUKQ*
&8AB73L!W37.A0!3;%:R\
MVCEK4J2^H\/'_Z;UK^QC4JV43NV69CX
'U/@FLR@XNUBQC7:D Z*Y'._A=2

-V 2[V2K^*MUNIP*==UZ:#O#LX&



MZE?7&&3E^PPWZ@+R.A9Z;=?@GZ!@-EB.-0@VA:^R?=;*]J]?#YNPO(K78N%J
M3:G/*J]GN%477)

M_H

&^F


M=7M#B(C.MX#S$Z.VV2[J4AFCXNQP(W@@M+T!?H=/6;
_L0\H-^(O_@502P
$



U_\-391A.0[Y0653?8(*B*NOUDS]U$' V 9&0 Z@:@2P?@;@!N
M FV1-6'=

Q-
]I$4]3V

M\/'#AV\/8 :^/]R!UZ]^OYIKX]W:S//.T_O6$QKQ=

M#K/3X7
3TR$P= @
-?[PB+_;G92\UH IQ;4*.
0'A[AQ2


@T$_U


T%93#
ZP.;:(8)C
_U^;.D!6QK$=B_YEA5+P)\-WRL[
MHR9QA=YP:4AE?&&TV%
7$R4IAL.



MH2L(*

7F*0(.7/I
XS3+($C:'O!@&'%:-$&(+IL3Q$F*'53




$0



MTIVI#9.V)=[IC9#%OTV+ 


MU J4?&6&1F]2
7

M='

^*R22#/I5*W4=J/);'NQ
MV@LGG 1K %-CDFE__=K D&0

M$/D[TRQ6


ME&6(PWIBW.)W

MBB0Y?C1!C?:9RO&P_1+]0Y6\3&9)IBQY#N-1#PQ @-%L9E(A[8[B

MMFRKPWUVMCL.C]U-F6:;J]WF:E?QG)YXCY#FC







MX.N4I



FP#MI/)&DAB
M(_;L7SVHJVFI$;ZH4I.S-/O\5N252:!SO WB227&3_)*OJ*Y)]_M++[VHM
MA$8_VJ93%[.UUINS^5PMUJ(MU6F_$1W\9=G+MM3P5:[F:B-%60V-VF9.
4[G



M;H;6
)JZ

M/7X0BU/$R'M$

J7J!_7STI+<%W_Q.1P0\R^"#
MA]:N; 3TW GM6Z.Q;3:T-<'\?$E3B&U6Y.?SY^.Y<PT)(YAEU!K^)\YR$NB
M\FYZI5&_1*N^KQ12
!$^F6
?R='33TA!


61Y8-8)M
M8L51K??@4$(9W





S1Z]KE.*.!1:06.C0.G5\I-JB+%8)I.L6XQRS+. DH



BX!
2QD6I\RC
M+&EQ+(A\P#$S[=PWK
&
.$!M(ULV!AK^QF7DO7S$.3/$WX-&@\=@P
M'3LZWXH#94S8RDUYT1S-//C K.#N\8#'

M%E.5'DN6LS0-'6
P2Q






MLB:X(A[3^(I8+/$XEJXJ2


MPX3]P7 IO12EWDI_;+M[J1/82$$I
!W+FX_KN 4ECX/2/XH.]HMRR)E5K1;]
M=GJHM!/NTC @W#4

#88 U+K$I+N
M6T;I&^19)+DDEI])G)_#_;+W@G5L5QQ/ CUUCJ9\9OB4!B8JL?!
XO#\4#=;

O$V9QRRBS (SB0/SS^$5#U&=P'Y1EBLQ+J

M]:TY\X ZT!Q[;(?ZO7






M_MEOGC8S9P8G2OS-%S8_#X8!+'#)2F$?U/8+UAOJ.7^9$L;_PK:VC0+(2F-5


OT]O9
SQ'2=PHZ3-#4SE A?O'81$
MM&&;O+=) <]7F'6@6Y\#$F41V$KCX,CT\/T.DVXG6]O^X^\2RS2)? @EK



:=S5%#]DX%7JGPR;$^
M.@:)7BG+G@ZHT6_B]0^J








&ULM9IK;]LX%H;_F$L
#- 7(LW42J2 (GC
M-
&V339)NU@L]H



KCJG81B3_/?

M@A?!/$8EG^;IOY-YM3P9!2
W!7RE *66 JPMP%1)H:5 T!9HALMDVQU-7UY$571Z7.0OH*BM
MA;?Z0S


/O7M^N'_X Q^'9_ 7[_

M\O@'^.\7OGKDQ?\

'R*S4G^GU-^O

MR4N33*;U*O68'RHC2;=GA((TP(1CHAE: 2[.((WQ/$Z%$SQ!)H,!%1Q
[V

M@Z$VGT
MM
99P)@Y.NC)79'WKOBLG3)K'?=$A0AU%JR^I

M!+UN18ZT+8=3(-0$0F29@U!2$[JQV5'7C.-$['F:-2W.R\JD8PIU1(XI\ABV



M?O8AR8



MO;%1#7@*J(=#HJR?5T






MVNIB U
#057+
2R63

POBD!+;83^6Q
)N8IWSK+F'B=*..+#@




MXJ;@((6#VEK/6BT38+]A/Q9)4O(VDMH/*HA^WBKV%HPARWZ'2(Z2MW/T@&L!
#1##L:H?



M\XZ


57Q5[)KN






M1
NVRV)


M:JDG3L]HH10L[S5O*@22BF!N76!N


;4FA41Y;!&2;95$:^TC(B \.
MJ\_G?JH#4VQ+8YP;,VO0YGBW*,WV @.#BO.89^/^N)$: M*G&.K4WD$!Y8

M/-B-*I&?KCX&37]U]4&







MTS$5+[.NNS5#XW9)@W=C='H R^5GP9QNJ)-





J^F3([Y6^7%R
DF3Z7@Z?F*\$\^6$Q[OY
!X'YI55NE_
3_2Y!I
P6*+


M5)$L/2_;P$M=Y65?J*2S3_7T(V9YE^F&I@492V.*-+FI( G/Z;;__J_SZ73\
M_;7



@39\5\X:]A7,+_1R49#F&@!*3.Z&Y%A+OB!
M95^QO8?X$#6M

M0#E+2-\0-: LW' -]TAKS0UHQ2WR%3/]_% TM5K_DL;Y]E!M\4! .N$
*T
M)A7 JMN^KDO1@93O:4S6=G:MNH*&0+UD'MS0J4Q&6AO\NC;P#IA.5N8$E41P
M:4A@: 2Y/DQMDQWI'&W_0+JF7P@'M/T$/D[54,)%UC.=[V=2CXI
&E(I(T
MZZD
5

M;0-SU=!J)F??X^&:-Q2J6?=-OH9 )ED!BR:R*#


].)^G%

.3_HBT!1?A.\FK=7EC@J
YT
M

MS5#HP
.


1) \P41NM
QRII

+9LNZ,
MO]4.(PR?HE6RW14O%IX&V: 5JA-5JJ2W!)%PGR\5&C@;Y5#&Z8)\H:X%-

1+OFWOL\NXZT$&

MW1L_[K%SX* &@H@09KAO#XK\GV(G 6PM]M_A:YX(?N/B./DD-O$-U&W#?*5]
MA=X5WA9/ D;C=U]R ;2OP'




YP-%E7TA7ED#^



S^'4W? ?_?!W@ X4

M-@))VJRT3*7=%F-'&



M\#=RJ27\-N
IJPZIO[& +2ZDQ4$ETR+TUW/BBSZ8FW0MR]U/S\U38V89X/(
MT+I4@:.+K2)%3.P-*2'? /;82MV$G! I7)X% \H\F_83H\$(M&R

M!6/F[*U0YW8%@3LNPD

3].+


M@:T+=W@@MV61AN\3+@KCE&-LPA[)= JACAO]86RQ+TJ(**FR'S'#8+-A

/!PD^@5E&GF_M^ML

8L16MMR58





CN71W?CH9ZN[?M0YC:Q<PS\7%'K-@0Y*!30C;Z[(B[0%[X)\^

%T4/T3ZDL3G=
M*


C9'
U?D[35V


NV8N#.-V

VY:T T-QQ/%X:VS?K?/Q:/WW@R

 AF!0?Y#'A]XTV<VSBP
MR?=<+2#4KKJNY%Q%Z'J).J9H[0QF.1J,&ARM-AQPU@HJ!WP9U_?!T'D
X3&
M)^ED


K:N NUZ0'Q@Q]U.5/1A:9 67[N5OL-[F)TXMF)T


TG]KQ&I3MNZLUU

 E]V;+M




MJ!^3T9%F$ .\'J.YER!7SB__[3=IHF-X%KD(H



H;JJR


!7:$1VQ%M60DM+)



M5.

!1:TOE+NPO)'9]E5!1\7GSSTK*0Q2BE)
#N[

M.:G(,\QF]DI.QV\_^&MQL(K0P=U;1TP

MQ




MTZ:4)[9%J4?([

\$%!N:B\$Z^8OV!=B




UO\$1\W9D-?Z2.2M70#;@.
&PO

M(=-




M 





M]^L'4H[L-';:;/M@F02!!WA @.1LH_2#J1 M?*F%-/.@LG9U$44FK[!FIJ=6
M*&EEJ73-+$UU&9F51E9XHUI$21R/HIIQ&2QF7G:G%S/56




 T[9RFWFGZ7[/[(HQKS NS8CG. ^H\@WJ-P6+0
M@Z/P)Z3
07<&@EK9QG+'\@



MSE/%/&?QO$CV*3](

MAMN*LGDRF6=[ )?SL_VN?*OY0KK?S K]#24HG1ND?*X$%B4YL:H-@GPTFA37



MCF/'[_LYTC%P.OQQ.!JE/3AVD40'5W:-NO0/$T/=U4C;WMZ=M'O[7+97_EZ]
M?3B]8[KDTH# )9G&O?$P -T^1MJ)52O_ 



#=N*C6A:!)\:7YY5<TB<*7ZI[A]&XLY*K
MDHQ7U@A'BXO!U<'I]8S7QP5?%:U][UEP)'-K'WCP:WXQF+!#ID+;$'B;T4W


M




-O1G &4

:.=

XWH




MPM5+9+2_=?LT/9H
)Y/)#P


MAK;4-6KR@?O909:





 %
M^A2^N2HD/D$M$_U[WO4(IAH




CT 21!FL0X.(B
M1?OK^QV E&2O[$W;[4
?$E


[FZ2&N?W-6%C4$K(S\Y





MJ1R$UM0H@P6%'%=V+?&
^/XV-LKR.K9@

MFX?JN.\'NHS3ZI0'.O0^$\\I]HSW&L6-!:E5JTHMQQ;CXJVD6HNTUD+J]0(%
'!&]5*8@\LVDM
M=)33W'#/R@?&




YMBTRS%
%SFT

MBP

-S4R1Z


H+B44M^@

M3N]:J1X:S.+ZX*KQ)9


MR69T[(UW?O =(?4D?RWAG@*QY4\*N]7=!YGK_!UB?SQ_S?DH7(NR0\$V$%W
M7IY-


M;






M.&Q52:X%A21P:2H.27DCPA:%C78
&*I-:16L4TUD?2RY@-H*[:?P?AWL+'[M


M

M]MS@&]5_%8WM-D$90(
MGWK[21W_Q%






M)-F$@5H-HQ8&&U MV ZA53V-J) 'X




  

4UWEIP354)N[M

M/R1NW=X:V).U


MWM*M)#V_7


7
M\#X:O8&/5!1# (++J\YEN-JUY_#7Y=IY2P7T]RM69X/56; Z^Q\B_BHR]^^Y


X#EU 8FIDXK(4E3FH'A
@&

#@G1OMUP@]YYFQ




M)



MR8OVC
-PF2DVC-'&
LMS/F=G
V1TU-\K2)DY@_BZJA;;!2.AL.A0-

M1544XJJT.A.C:;=Z)*99_5F)DE/-MOK3(456N#6*FYQ-3/%;580U@:7\&FD-
M^9&H9=560(--/:JD(G]@0$$^[:2S$[N6/I0.LUP2B#_/)'3 $.W1[!B;X
Z/

MQ9)+73R1 UKZ)'-3[;2



MW([?ZZ-P[;


MQGJ

HMEX


$%     @
LV5GQH*ZJ. 2;0\*!FNE?S*GT1\3V58Y$ED4CC
M-'X!+SN8G7F\[!F\']I2-^2-?J]L66O;&1+_N5Q:9Q H_WU!Q/0@8NI%3/^_
BU=($Y\W)+9&WRJ?44AHH8(;G+S'
? 0
80 ]ZX
M-$X6XD[4N:J46#L:3CU)Q_NM[ W .%EM322CDAW4'=8QW%B4BC(BVBV6*&


MGA:I]&K&&LD\C2%EU( O^Q2'0

'4;M
MGC--\RA-8O$CT+[BIA-11/DL0P3$6$^C?#Y%\9N*7[^LE^+- RF*Y /M-WL5






M_SHN_@!02P

M971S+W-H965T


M7-EO7_3-E6I

;40]OD?M_/:
M:/C(/U\Y;-0?-K*'C?X@J*]RH7\K%<\%=<#Q%LM]%H
;L+09\?8LY^7@MVK



A


MBA0L02FC94J2VETOO[FDK0382:T/OS:5\Y9)*DJC(F?FODFA=DV^Z\E= V
MBT%55I
_U$ H8PKBZ]W%UDWXANL

MJT(]P$N_2-A9+;&(JC#R7M0Y[DL@!!MKE1UT1&PVMKVF-%K1HZ1:CD7;,VU
M5!#"%VVDJDJD]8*O9&LA1 :QZ[CQ:

KQ@56/M3$9LX6G







] Y5A
;#=3
M:R'8AM?L+/1F











6;Y+_G]HI#V[/AG





MF$:+OJ'^_K]L//L1^\(Z^X&5]MR8O''K_FUC1;EU&]''/'33SE\7O)V_3GB-
M=#%W+/C97O!?]DK^:I6TM\=.+QLUWPX/%)W[KK?N.PE]Y.#O6()Q-L#_TT2V
M6)Q;/&D^BVAD0G-RFD#W82:[
JZ4Z5[H

M:&5E='

MTW8?AGV@I;/%EB)5DK*3_?K=4;(M.W$V](


0W?


M:U2*#1&




S

M2;\B:
%&'SY7I



Q)YUO?O\A?(3E)H^$H/N#ZD6*BM\OCA'XI7/$S

M)?L@CT=)O%&D/



M#=@9FKM
M T
EVR&E/2\6XY;S2WUM=9-1D.F?$'LQ^\UZT@]K_F&YL)O
MJ\5(-@1\63;Q!QO#B)B4]MRP9^%?05K=O/\NDFR536PXRB0^8_Z;:AW4O!
ME

#X%*UDL^



M[%?/($IC?3C$^$BCOB%








4/FCE2@MO%4?^

BARP/[B0VMI7



MK&



LZ%[PY
]DZ3HT#\%V@
*78A! L[W4@.)84+

MJCF



M^6P![]':'C'4*9+#I+E!A87(VR3P_(8?88'

M

B<DLOUV_@
):N_P-0
M2P



[:%': K=5C&.CM=/;F

[)MTU32
YJ=O)+1

M9%*L+&X4S]/@MO%4KR4S&6*!$7,/672FK:)?1Q6^G4^PMZA@ML8\&H3#RR
MA-?'*5$/0#)##JV$N:L23L3


R(71_V&9$_%X44A5]I=E75G!'.*!XZ9M25K)I?(Z^AN-B\@+'
M;Z#HJ_$Z5E((,;Z$V:ZY


(^%$8
M9-92Q3E4Q\-3#$TFCE5Q@0X-H\Q&.P0@?):81-EX 9SG6KO#PAOH9]OU/U!+

9

M$6J)!7'_WYWERK71H

MPDU

KX6EKB\C5%D460)6*DCC^$%5ZM%R'LXV=CDWC5=2X\::ZI*

/3
(^GO&%2K%1&3&UXYSU*MDX'!]




?#@ .^8-HP7O10MGM#@2%_VCCT7)1'F89L


MR IDUE
IG+-!YUOPCW8E\WPF0.2E:3_,?1,U9X-#Q+3
B7Q5S#E9:*89




Q-3(Y22
-C&V+8.7^[
MN6O=)B%//A^


M]!R'94G?/VA9@.YS0Z.@V[_HMJ^0]02P
$%     @ NH%P4G*H-V_[!0

MQBC3#T!=+I
[E


M7W3EZ]/)?$*56LE-XZ_
]KW:Q9.SO=(T+OS2=I#-9A

!*WNAJ?\

MV96Z5=U&T94JS;K3S-3)U



$)

M@&4O;X!7=T$+HZE2.Z;8]*VTVFS ;*W[GHUX95M'$F3I4BX;-8+\-D\A%4?T

[!N
&$L=0R]X9*MM!]H/J+S
MJ@I)8O3B8:X=@*

LU'T



MEA?W@U
\


#V0]I


].&FN\38,VUXK?%'15D6P'?DW8\+=K#_ZW/V+U!+ P04     Z
M@7!2M&N6Y@@  1!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R-YX;6RE
M5$UOVS 


;G&4WXC67@RH
ME9W#S?K-_&[+3+Z[QA

M95QC

AVS3'V6



M[WKNX= 7]ZE[TZ]B'-C;==/VE[/5
&S.Y_-^L8KKLC]+F]CBR3)UZW* VMW.

G9

?1^?N''








M#'.(L0@.ZTA:6H9LX%1




0CR@


M9UKMI
P#^6D@Z9H
]&SLL:=N*?C-F)'8_BTW!!K'#8@0/%( D(8DK0CZEA'U

.IXPRK\ 0\

MB @\@/\


8Z !*@5
'
HBD*K:=(/N15GJ TY


 AQ
MK&P'IMY1



:9/O@C=IP


$%     @ NH%P4DD=HM11'@  E6(  !D   !X


M\;ZLOM=KI1KQL

?^+
@N:(;RTS&OZO[@W[XZ/
M1-K63;DQ@P&#C2[XKWPPA'C.@
0
($*\YXD(RP^RD3__6)7WHL*W 1I^H*72
M:$!.%[@KMTT%3S6


_ +4^Z4(6J9:YN(4?%7!P4XO_.5_4304L^+\#

M%O=KG:X[\'1=MP 



'#:I*Y8_B
  QQ%P;@ KCAV8ZT

4H'I#
MF9/


MU94








%



T7$W/ @
M^Q




B(P*7FPNB(Y







\Y=?_[CZ






HMP-D_:BKGM9



M2



M+&VI#NB](
/?7=9:9J[4A76KLQGXVO


Q/90Y7


@S24HZGC\5'






L%LAXYZ.
M7;7M6TO([(?6H:LMGRXA1EWR6ES1:WLS/9E&\R1F]3(!]3*;QUWU\N\JL+%1
M73#/V5F/YC(1;T=M^>VU

^A:-AW7#QV:(^#D%VBT#!M%!5.P/!J
M


MS2'_Y07CA?M&;K\K6Y!?T816RVXM.A=4 [.FWRH%D- L!W)H'1U)3ZW1;8

/6'G--+E!=#Z4TZ
MAL7CL%L)NYM8'YHF#S)W[3;C\)/K(UB)=NR8F?;

MM::C
8BE^6#_1D


M(UMGR8T/JH2?$;


MQ6TO2&O2P
&D#$4T!A_V=)P8/S


MR[F
P-(&D_FF







-0?*^U7.
9[:MULX)/:^
MG)0
EY

V?VBOJ4B'/IJQ[$QW_
3=/+AU%OD$?2@9


5$#9@MUL0

MKT$EPS6HSV#9



 (+IN9@*K7N1V*K4_ZN-V#F\8C\=^6.#B]T



HD*F@F
[.FSV&W8DX&[A


M;

0IW=Y57D;



M=+;((+


:B@9KF^:+/N#D]0X,6!53S2
M&E1N:K\MG9@@5ZGAX@)Y*VRD@]PH74+)X2I:C.<LFKQ2@3Y(B=7QU&S9W1-

Q?8<D+#P<Q1L/$UP#AF*
@+
M'
=3WMCGW;B'5^V]LZK@_/:;:W.U'[Q2LHVP



M[50 =6%9P1-T=]; 5M-P-B;[+K7#W8P:QK\/?3

<&'JBEMO

M:&5E=#(W+GAM;)56WX_;-@S^5PCO




MM];I^JA






-MIX

M2_:4H!



!M&PZB4?9

(IGX]&+
 ?]GX+E?U!+ P04     Z@7!2YVO5
M&O,  !L!@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='




MA;
DC
&S.1E_7NVL


MU@$Z-(?0YRSI&Y0;F\&\.[?2J[&#_&










OE+B
\]M


^T=\#IC)HIKP6*F!OR?=5^BBDZ]9SLV 93@)J


M*O4CD!^9(U7LX^D



W;N


M971S+W-H965T

M^^ D!_'JV


MWF@P95$PO9Z@4*M1T DV@EL^SZT3A./A@LWQ#NW#XD;3+FR\9+Q :;B2H'$V
JM5GK./Q!%,EC/_JM(]
M/@T@+8U516U

MQTGE
=[CL1/#M9(V-_!)9IB]=! 2O89CO.$XB0]ZO
6*LIC+Y<0CUV#T/$9O#\:=+W+^&X$9@Y104R8_

[!^FNL

P'4US)=0Z)D9N#M


?V#
M%;

\%=+Z#J_A*Z4,6






Q+GAM;'V4W4_;
!# _Y63M8=-8B1-RV!5&XG239L$$J)L


H90!1&'\W3+9X#(8
M[J]W]*\Q=\JEX ZOC/PE*M_.V06#FN^EO[.;+[A-I^SPN-=/$+FUYW?
Z@

M-T;[UL$776'U$I!05$-HV2ZT17:4N
3R%
:C$\C2+#W&P^ICB-O?)!'2Z%
M*Z5Q:XOP^[)PWE);_#DGPSP281/#L!7?5.#J4$.):VQ]*HSFC4WKU5U*/4
M
1D
MKW$5VB:.IZ
$UMKW/3SL#B_ 9=_XS^K]\W'#*63M0&)-INGI^1D#VX]D+WC3









[O%KUQG_A.-MFQ%A/QJKAY$SZ(.2\\F^G.IPYE-$K
M#LG)(?%QST0^RO?

H@KC)65&3.XGS%

5!8M6*8G7ZOJ&
M8)

M3FU3VG^_LT-2T HO8%_NON^[.]^--]H\V!+1P7
EE9VPTKEZ%$4V*['B]E37

M4F\FK


45%YPQ].QT1LPWIO0_&D&J))G%^*0MG
MZ*N@.)?.Q3/F


M_3\NQ
RISIKJ@X]K4=
8[VK<5_66^UM]BW;&

M 

T+GAM;)U5;8_3.!#^*Z


M4&'-!VD_J

P
6A%-_[S'U
?S@**^)$
M-@4PSWM




G
6S6X1A K-=#
BGTG:E'RSD))


M+Y%VSD^-URBYQ0JL\G?5\FZHW?UHYTXG(84]CG$&*N_ZENNR =_SI/ W-]]$




MK']TL5



?B (D1S37= C8(3$M



M=9*

M?:Q[7FX:26Y3P&T2__@M90'[8-T?

FOE&654\R#KP@



MSN/G=R\%';._4@EMEO!5_

MB?!A2NO0BQ+?Y/ -2U\7YW8%-A/1G7J$ZB-.U\%TB)S-LRM^'Q2BHC_FL.
MHCCUF!]''HQBUM_^U58$'HA\7+'N+,\5QLLVNWUW3=(8B_Q62?@^ V!/R(7
MH^[T3AJ;F;T9! *7I=XH2H*T\^\

Z\N(T
MHOX2P8^7+0F.GT2I#SW)GNP@'N+N9=]YK;D

MG6?-K/4DWDRL7[A:BEI#B0M2]4\3:B.JF0*;C9%K-WG-I:$YSBU7-#BCL@)T


V+GAM;*U6;6_B1A#^*R



N

P?EG/FM0
M70Q]32:
;$]PRDXBOL?2@RAT
M@04L.($7'1R.+%[TEL-++G%@$EG!-=]2?6F82,F[!=KU'Y.9TI**Y<\3QN*#
ML=@:B]\R1CU4K1L$,0=K&*;6\)5HJ:L4MX79I^#7E=DHX%T%-T@4ZE*39'\Y
M,;5;Z^VQA)QD8'KZ4JUXB2.'FE:A?$!G_'F),!<--63=+4;9.^ZLOX;%6BZ


MD'LQ@\P+





#(W=YQ7XR[SL
[+8

MJ
EZ@W-2#;R
RE3V;Z5^H\7*OD]F0M-KQRZ7]+Q$:03H?BZ$WF^



M9WBY/J/_X'.G7/;
X)V27P6W]3HH N!8L4[:+^KT(P[YY ZO5-+X+YQZW90\
MEIVQJAF
26Y$V__9\\##A4$1OV*0# :)C[MWY*.\9Y9M5EJ=0#MM0G
+GZJW

M!6R:P&?5VMK AY8C_R= 1)&-X27G\+;)FXCW6$X@G8:0Q$G\!EXZIIMZO/2_
MTGT8T_W]=F^LIN[XXPW\;
3//'[VOZ.+@WO)(*JX-^^KC'Z)IZ[DDMS96N
M [IS!O43!ILM


MOH=YF&5%6

)W-
M**(SY'6@%DY
:]9:VC.EZFAQQ7;


MN;M(Y2O(3%+!(*T5+:L8R
2.4&\+F4G6LJWGFVB&;QGI]#Q:JB
0V+C#A(
MYI$V2()TWD.?:\[X&:Y4L!7IKYQK/AB4PFLZ$5XTGBV+RF/F!=-[@V!J*+



MW6X^5W


:0U/%T?O']TN5
N:Z%Q*;MO



ML8T*_KY9:R?_YTS ^!@P=@'C-P*NIFX'N8&JU:*N%=;T4P2M4=C^ZHDHU*


MGK

:U_5U+K/?=ASHJ$X$0I


M5.E2;FVVEQ&E6K TB. ]7-(0O[
OQCE![B5%5:TLF8ZXD+%-&YSZ++$7!
M1#BAX@$AP^B
^.3'

4V4#SK(@A21U

M

V%OTKA#M8)  1\RTQ30+
H]


F_/Y




_Q/5V

M
:?]\L?7R8O*B'O$B
M%7L;NV'5LZ^Z.M1_-#!'R/NXU2[N%^I)BZ_XHQIR9D22CQA3^_KH+,]_1_K
M\+KIJF[15W[MIM 3^AYU?2+-O9CNSGYS?]D G7Y[P:_9^3?9K'O%[/0T#

MPN4
 ]N'=!=F5Q]6@2UCBV%LNELVY(ZR_+@;
MV#0MH6;CKNOLUWU4RWUA:B -1A(+U6+%EF/;'KR&@)M84^S4&E9U-03ISR?U

7Z/=ME6 ?3U_'


];'MF8GEI?2\\(I=DI*H0V7QI!BNHMEZHD17/ML@=2L$$)PYVA


KCG2Y+ 630B%FF$.
A7=81]+2
F0#IV+J


J:;A'7@0%D1FF4F&0##!C@9[
MI34


MP& =
!DUJYN[I@Y='L
; &39Y
%=Q.X.$T2$M@S50&SVCR]*)=67^]^34EG

ZS$_$L-O1PQ3Y:2@QG:!1;]VD

9NM6&I;GC3NL_46E3DQ
M#4#A+UJD!=&JH: Q[!Z3:XTEAA($._,GZ%47Z#6,
\]^


 ;GN46S5 !@-@=8U@D)D3N;4H
M)6)1^31RE#


M% H8V:DX78!3;VA^7TV

MQ6U88JLX*^R


M_]Z!4
=)$ 5/!TN^+= =A-/QCFUA!7B_6VB[YLH&UZ-%Q)HB&?!+?1S;SO


867DR/MN5SZ=J^0FVMW.)P^I7A7@-1.?FV \U<+PQA<D-6U7O@+N^E3SG
M&9-(;K-




N%S]DZ$




 A
S8#

!

M)7-E+:BALXF2#5$V&K/9AO/&J;$:)NPNKHS688Z,_M.3:V R VYJT!1:ZTF
M5.1DU6ZKG5FQ0K -RZ@PY#K+9T

MY/

M

MFA7PEYNR6M$&?JQNC^IUQ6C:#EKE1Y[KDJ


LR1C





MR)-=I

XM

]L
ES5R50'X8$6GBDWH64WH&
PYV
PZ

[ZHV)H^P#:CJ=LYWVS:
MFJ*B]UJ-*R1-%..U,B8,($6E6,U4,N2Z.0FGR=MH6D]H&+B [%QCTX9
M[.=@1?%H



]/_;^JF!9NF=*CHP !M






:^=X R ;9/;)1C=1.I[91KY+2M<DM]BVE]0T<(:
=F:)\5'+?*JH.C



]I71K

MI/5G'XNG#!U.45F/T&9@S/Y[,66YMQ74]9F:1X;T507/!U/%MC&AW-R3
Q<UYPKG^Q$ O.

S
M23X[Y=2#
Q1X7H#EE)L\@YM9JII/JUI
JQJZ2W!U

?N


CDQ \1\P\M]CP

M_1D

@?_:LI\3#2WA
M./5.X@ZP;$K420%YFX&7UQ;H4)@DK(!)4\-_HG1&U$ LN%P5CG)!0L$TYT
M(ODU=0A3_R).!;MI^U=O3GKE@][U+^$@E]
[]P__/6)W6:DE^PVZWBUCJM


MD=;: FRVDR[%699BX0

D%QJ)L
M[,9H+%H8T
SQHY'BU^RL#BF



G0X



J8!4L!9+[
MLJ3BZ1

!FZMR2
MFSG!1F M?C(XRI
U
JFL.7\PFV_YU





MJ\TL:9JW8)E]F!L .80=]G@\+PRC^ R[;T92WPM?P8XZ[&@
]A7BILV&\*)^
MW-#S/?\


M@


  +(


M4[DW(BO@7A&]SW.NOMR D

;6()YV-TKG/F-E33+


MV&\AN2)#^HJP@ 4]\



3;ICS
MQZ
)&PWCJ7_H(0X;XM!)_)LV&78!$J]YILB!BSWTT5=6HBY]'(S&8=A/'S7T


MK


-67!&N&BK7-0M7=]0_O14OL[7/VW%B[K5ZU+QK
VX
MU+/V
^I5BO.]TLHB'3E=?0

9:#K?X


!2&_\I1M LF%9*F



M\9++YZXM2L53V1E!_Q2H&NBH*IQU


M;HW!DB12WMG)13;U BL(!:;&









\I$]YHX
YF



T/J/5T+%XB

MGK1;7TD8A
$90I/_=F_UK]!I-\EO.[SV!;PYOI-IB8F32[(K!;O)QJ2)P.Y
M?KL2)FK1Y,='

4+#FEVG.


)=B!Q




M;
U6;4_;




)4VLBL A.#

&_:57(*RN\F;';C:.#1E
MPW

L7EY#L5'RXD

5H^@91F-
=J$9-B *HN )^.C%
M\'#O



MT'!]0A[AF


-$YJF&3Q]Z41A]ADPJ
Z.5G0E+



O

MUL*Q

9P(N

$U*NH)K
#?EI4(I]%YR5H#03 JB8#D.
M3CK'DY'5=PJW#+:ZM28VDX64#U:XR


M5Y!52C&Q(E3DY(L4RF]
J&::[$W!4

M)([BZ.9Z2O8^/?$28J8^W=BG&SNWW;^FNT].M ;

PQ +@P4^OX5
MO*['ZSJ\W@MX#=(Y\/P +]R!IAQ!9Q+CS?#ES??;79DRG7%I69\K;QUHX +9
&6


U544_;
!#^*Z=H#R 5TB:E

511
_YR@4.M1T LVAAN^RJTSA.-AR5:X0'M;

M@-Y@1T#4!$0O _H[
M N(F(/:%ULQ\63-FV7BHU1JT\R8TM_#:^&BJADO7Q875=
HISHXO&-=PQT2%
M
$=F*HW4(FO@,ZSC#NEF0 NZ\_%Z7XP0\NX.2/V\4

M)W72:$?27@1S)6UNX(/

'L.$%(%;1G1IHQ)M!=QANDQQ+T.1-VH^PJAZ5^'

M#7S[1(AP16;S?0^??LNG[_GT=_Y*DIBY%.H)2SY$V; C$%J=(XB VHO&;P




^:GM
T



M2
Q2II_19_O@6M-

*C

:4:UC#QABL?*4)3TR%Q1G&HH!BC)^
M0#1E2S9/*=(

MER:UQ*UG_.N:*+N

M-D+?U#KB#_W






M.9'?OEY\W7'W.[ C_*&?H_?*XSV-!4\(D*
-]V/#O.[Q;=IQ_3 \9/*&CIV'
MG;;YW9)78M=S@IM2
JB=J-@W?G/0I)#=UVP.5ZJ[U6'6S![A#%SWS4G8#9%+

O







MLW_QO6
O*VI@IO@/5MIZ&GP





M50

M*P.AAR[01J+DS\(VD-@)6B I@AKM'HH]T-+8)BJ*6I**:Z _OB0ERTHJJ3ZT
M/E@DQ??X./

_-F*R2GVDSE



RVP.3ZQW[G+F\MLJ
*E

7




0+DH
MT6QI)L[
ALP7Q:

F/ J^


%*2X-=#@:FRR

$%     @


MO8105L!+8R=SQF?.C*?367'QD
T!)'I*XC3K&G

M+A(JU5;

D8-HU+O!Y'_L:4%C\
M8K#*-M9(AS+F_$%OKB==P]*
((9(:A=4/9;0ASC6GA2/Q]*I49VI@9OK%^]7
M1? JF#'-H
_CWVPBYUTC


MHP%(RN)CA;@?#=#1M^..*14Y?809E40NUT3L5X@
(#I#!)\@V[*M!GC_8#@.



A
MY#&5

[])N5#RN^82O?&\WS +&Q53=6Z_/E

IU

M%I
O2$;='W%[@WQ_



MI*RO?5^D!9187+$:*K63
UYBJ:9\[8N: \X
J*1^& 1]O\2D\I+8K-WS)&8;



M)S%G6\2UM6+3 Y




M%/T58?;0P18Y3N*.XAB:A-+!J&AVT/9@V)?QZ*2Y4I*G/U]KV3')*,)?1CS
M@ZTKZ9Q[SI6ODD;I%U,6+*7HC+3H+2VOJ'495(9@:JA@I7J4ELQCJ#36U
M!I9[D!0TL.82L:K($W\W%*GB=I:P2M8:F*V4C+]9P9-=-@&!PF'OFFM&Z
MIDG--K ^U0O-4:T9\FYA
IP51$-Q32X'=[

_H9<T
S)7XQ7-;3H-O


6$/F


#TQO

3[$;3;@.N%4O80N)[M;]ST#5!+



MO9D+FZJUUL&QRKR56R7U+--V:G$ERI(I7695(UJMT)6H%*LV4!4
:O0678.B
MC





L)WY^UO*ST_FICY_U
M^9


M:&5E='


M1MFSI9B

#6&Z4?6)-12M;TD:JOZ5+


_?9$U78:'-F&)WA^/2L!;!C@UF?(X9@H:7DE$



&AZ8F9T$X)8=,?^MVLMEMKVO;/QM2Z)?T?'._4!8_
M;87,.XO3)U]XY_EQQMZ?0_79VA84A@:*3PJ'CPCGF;3A4FYI6&=
.9.W*/@

?#6%\60'F4Q=
MV)V&0GPI?)[VL^VXSK!3B6IV+F

KWAT+8;^@)7RHO-TKM\
M^(:6 K8-W8&2432C._BJ3S-JH&

M?_1L5C@ZR7GS;JCT%)L%]3\D'

RM8ZB]?.
MN9QYYUFTCHXZ^@ /'[-KEDCPO@*8W?5@3XC\3)S?*)YFIY\GKN TE5UN* FI

$%     @ NH%P4JD'(ZIR P  $PH  !D



M_KQ_E&;F=R@EK8$K*CB24

RPC
M8%!HT'
ZPA+8




6\@OZR M1@S-^(AJ0%F@IN!*



BDBC:QM(FU


TC:_0RSMZ^2B]17ND*RGJ
MWE$'-41T%



MKQ


M[]VH^53NC. 5NU% [\J2JA]OF)#[60#QQM?^'ICW(UP/MW2-5LR\W5[H^PH
M[*(4O&25YK(BJUFP16\7

MJ/VY9PLFA(MD.?YO@P9=3N?8OWZ


M+7T 5UHSHP&MO!TSLNN.%
@]=@:5=/L1


M^^4T-);6Y0SSENQ-0X9.DN47 




A^A.=TD;M\T1';\MC$I
X.T5\V /@



M
9^(4,F8NU!HDOEDJG3&+CWKEF;4&EA1&F? WP^]C''9&8^*N5L]'JG<


MO1
[_XDRP&6







CC6TANK@4

\-SAN3
'!_<QYNM4 _,V73'-K \7UWQ^6=V7B)XA2R(LXSQ&%]



G-K
M*2-322GCL&2S:8\/RNT-*;NBB#65I+^7&FYGTEN'P;2SLQ6XD\?$2W60B9
MF@!TE[ 

M0O X%!)9O;Q1TQJ+%W2U!


#'I<0&LC&'Q&QB-5!:#':' <=YLOQYOZ
M&KN92[OT9_?-Y?\]:7__(4= MP+2XI\!?D[#SRGY.3W\YDPNKA 0$TAL 3W





M1DCER^Z:5(T;G


MF^A4H/%%%;I
:.^5Y.A4 \.E;44=
'V;+6O8R&UVJNYXN+R_2G;O%4PUBJX1
M:(M21U'#MWN$G(H_'J[^&O=[4!]_





4*
SWF:@^=INGS5G



BYX;6R=5EV/VC@4_2M7T5::2DN^&#ZF

#L:EM8/CWO79EID-4=L7B)U[CL^Y-_;UZ*3T
MSFP1+3P70IIQL+5V_RZ*3+;%@IE0[5'2F[72!;
TU)O([#6RW(
*$:5QW(\*
MQF4P&?FYI9Z
U
$*+G&IP1R*@NGS#(4ZC8
DN$Q\YINM=1/19+1G&URA?=PO
#)7S^</FU<X./^3B(G2 4F%G'
MP.COB'

_J

Y=S X\&<^ 29H)EN\XJVRJ!!O[Q;SM+S3
N-_!)

MPNP

MGG8J+7I4@H0);L]-56QG'21A^OF*=GMN'X2]N(W+;9ZM:W>;]IRGS;
/X-Q$3(L%]FF3B

L]YDG%^[
MYI

)
M_
ILI.3&\G;^ RTFF,P:N$YR!-V :150G$B?J7D%'G=97,R(Q
M35Z/':GFUAZ<L)SG73$/;)N'K$X!1< NM 5

M!E[]]OHB725L2XAH=3KK[-0;E4Y;?5UTB1*V1^FH]%0Y@E6.8.X5M7G5CM[H




O+

@4M
O4
M

-7-'45F:P+F
M#

MYC+3XK

MT.TN_D!3



M5)RXTY__ (D35 B )**DX=8%YS#@W/YOH-#ZN@IYY^+%6,E^)(F67%\LK+


M)T?YIDSBC%US4&S2E/+G


9'1\XTB*6
ML&4I55#QYY&=LR21FH0=?S5*#]IK2L'NZQ?M%]7FQ6;N:



D]3P1B%)!2=2:1G$G)\%^V$L+\*0L\7*:BW.VCM#@8\


ME.]ZQS=8I?@!V@GB)BX^B_ID#
19R01 E( +=-/RIEV3


9$=
M)H[G^%FD@SWB.1@JM


MKUQ%&:Z=




M^8B/1
.L9V%IVF^R4J=L7Y_K$-\2^[[JI].U37UJKXCIACO&U4=G
0HIEK
MX%I?8;
_KI_O@R'X!^PU:?
5$/MV(#X7\!.7E5Z1/IS&PA6[MPKK&XBQ8':!



M:7+(




!91
MH$OLH-M:U;@#)/$].Q1DQ%.M879M(4CSK%P5-M
4[!([[%YF2\[D#&&+2NLQ
ML^33-W'VIN'3=AH-JCLK9H?'0?F6W/*@0*EP





M7V^;

MV0OX[/O]\7%'-FCS:AL 9&^M5'89-8C=71S;LH&6VRO=@:*3O38M1PI-'=O.



&S7

MPJ*AYOEQ@7\Q\2\\_^(



$%     @ NH%P4H].Y)H-!0  2A

MR4AL=)Z5_$42M2D*)O^^Y[G8C7M.[S#P+7M=:3
PF(S6[)7/N?Z^?I'P-JBE


M[)YY99!5

EEGYJLB:2S)?



\
M*\_[MQUQC/@_[A9*2\C+?W;(]VOYOI7O7Y#_&U2P7B%.6K/CS3E*GMY
9Q
MAP'UJ#
:;$]]@B -+O:'-?!


D8[EQQ99+6^7G.F-Y%B&)$U



X6A
:3

+)1F8ZXV@<=$LQ1Y=;M68)'_<@=2HNM[PW(5C1^Q\$G5MZTA$Z_SV0
M4N

MQ$*$K:B0DR A@Z\A


=&RKFND[)G
M%[4_F]@$AQU(II6P^





+HPXN9H+X^







M%\?
K%YAKR(]S2Z 1A^!BA$X=?E/?CXX=,\#Q65ZAOEL9JQLYY:U0X
M:H5Z8CPN XYS-;A-P


R[ OX#Y7M3YU$!V
L!
M[2FSG^)QL*_:[MMQ8N6HM'+TT_5CS+Z+(K'C6H$G&E&V)ZN$MBDO&#JR#:]4


MB/MG:\HOV*\1/'7*D3WLMZ2N?7&ZFUHZ?WN8'=&JK-1]74R^+:=6N@
#^IFZ

4#1LX^NTUY@?LGCT;&P1[O88:0X[P47B)[)FO



M%A
MLKSSMA+:?*SDPRTE
&ULM5;?
M;]

5V6R;QQW-VTBQ
M&B9@?6CLQ-_=?=^=SQ[NI;K7&:*!;[DH]
C+C-F\\7V=9)@S?2HW6-7E50Y
M,S15:U]O%++4@7+A1T'0]W/&V\\=._F:CR46R-X@7

4
C]R N]






 [R&RS3E5E\FX*HHJ\2J?3)#P[AX22L^WL[@
MY


M

1T

'AL;L%_

V6FSX+Z*Z8'1K-*7=LT8T@V 0'I/EL?6%46= UXRK%-ZSG MC
MC](BA7=LJ3@=I@@+3AEMUO@UJ59H=


X%/TK5K0KS4@S#?[@JVHCM4UGVF:K






1
JMV


F$4N+EP6A-VF;M$!#KGR,;A,#-Q99\!W%]*X8K4)R
MAV
R98



MMT@9DF*.4

LL5'A2%TL4$P4?
1R=Z FGK#6_)U
M


&ULO5AK;^(X%/TK%MJ5







KYP5

0) VCSTKAVW2(/OWVN:M)E60:2O.+A 9Y0GI-0@9Z



M?K :_7#+$A]2%V1.Y*%XNT)+X&F;VH9555JS'L'X&N/?JVKL%X@'7;+++MF-

MFU=VQ_M@NS7K67:=V\[PO#-F(WBWZ\*-4M\7+ )!HU:.(WN;.7)ISQ%]%UR_
52?7J
ML\L%T !XE#/9XS)[4T:H#S#ZO\+4$L#!!0    ( +J!<%(Z7MQI% (  (8$

!#^*Q;:0RMU
M


YLX)7NEGIWSI5@&H2L(!.3H&)A=



M


MG=*SW3


*UBE^?;_^&=GB 
!T$
+R$Y 8@'=(Z Z 76J

MU/?'

MI7;FDF_FNI:#&L=N?LZ4^
 DEYQ8T
VP^*-;@SCO%1\/BT\W^:#X9%C\2UP.
M+O[VY+V+B!_.WGOI/C]R7LGQ1].WCLI/OW__#[[TZ8[D.URUK5ZE-]MJSC
U6UK2RS9']<F44%]* 85X.



M1YKV=[CS=SCH[[NRJJV+HM%2B9TZ#U7:L;.T;@K/&1C)?B8X)97A:+\3


M'IQ.$_8YP3:T+31W8Q;P^D@LIZFU7&/ ;BJ?DU)8*W!0^9R XJ]Q$DT(
M+HBB )].MP0'U5I9E+YW!*=
J' PWU/ZH
 $.*A\+N)AH%&
3GW
6FFE06:9
%&.7RB
I3J)[(XP3&


M08RC:CVF0-4D*@(G-BM0/:^I4N ZOQ04%JM&!VW V0&H6%8QZYF@ !$U[9
MF5(@5Y'6.
9F!&D5M)/*]+C\8.87@R[_1U%#.1_*Y$[!45!&U@:X4[NA0&B_
M3(SF0UT@%$!O8V 0KEA\4M :K0!!Q7B#L*M$:HT/


FXU=CE%0KL?XG)_1Y(::GF FT&25%!?E




?BNX9[



M!XU;L6!/
*


MW^*T3-CC!CJ;15$D']A#/C\'VZQ68(%VT\LB2R +R
IHO7O5OLI(D9P+CH_&
M
)UIS<Z7!
_#P0.
M!0(3Y[A''-.8=\%-/S3J.1[D?IB7OQCFFXU7;%-![J=YDQ#K3=OYYW_6/)*8


3LRR&5\$WR'0%^9+&^^Z*!5D)C+- PGRB'-\(!!@
B^X',_F++]#_2#D8LK _202!@OS%]]8$V%,0*) L!1(%@1J



]%75=K-H?ERZ&
M5K


!#^5X0Z1@NCMI


MB:R%CO!5!R$W?$LC'
RO



M=-WXZZP3


$%XY!L\U A%7TVU6RK) 8 A=$*E*;)

N_QNQ=/K_R6Y^5?9%_RJ
MQO8:/':1LU


MN[Q@WA3L7]SQ7U!+ P04     Z@7!2EXJ['

 ?0(8@S9?$6!/D!5J(/V!(%BD6=OZ_:I7&0
MQEY/3P2W!YI0.TXI+:+J1C]$%)I6M6X 4BV)8]ISI%KM0L'C6'TD!$VV-#





M4BIQIZ2%)J^^T
XX,BK6!0:D?-)G%LHDSQ[.
MP/ZIN%;W#2K*('UFA46@D%;O-3C(?RWU+OJ[^+J6H@4AKI,WOD1C^K6 RM
MA50D1HFT5F\TE$@K;E428TQ*)'UFDXSR--7UX#T\7$:0*J$[JBSZ:1!3(NDS
MF^1:;92!82%6\OE8I17L1,LJ+&-,RBA]9J4LBSQZ%.,L@M,@0HMY(C/,1HFD
MSV^2USJL*3$6I8X^LSM:3+H;E; <!;++:15G*

XH!4+7C:S+ 5)0O
M''9?0$T(N3ZX@5#D7

4YW
)^MM3I;
MCZ_/ZL[^1D;YP6'VPU\E-*$RR0M4FRV3PC:C*
:D_. P^X&
R?\X&)
RA
-L

MD;C


\CF%.8SCZ@F*

SZ


UOH ^;K$




DA&4S;))+N/C.^;']^.O_@-0
M2P




M.^KM!'K[Y&




MRJ:\SA[[^E/*]#6AS?'/7'=^'B4-Q3LRX1AY?N UW,WCQ14]/DUH9T;;N\



M%2BRA19!8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JMD56AR*I0
M9%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ
M4635*+(:%%D-BJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH460V*K'




&UL4$L! A0#%     @
MNH%P4B4HT.J  P  %0X  !@              (!PA0  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='


4












3






4     Z@7!2;:!?LZ
)  !8&@  &0

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ NH%P4K,A.-MB!   H@H
M !D              (!&9


YX;6Q0
M2P$% 






4     Z@7!2A]@QG98#   @



M970R.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     Z@7!2MD\5TR$#  '!P  &0

P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (


M% 
4     Z@7!2OAX+588  I!0  &0              @($



M 

S0N

4     Z@7!2

M:&5E=#

M:&5E='

4     Z@7!2&(;D$-0&   
$

Y+GAM;%!+


4     Z@7!2. =6))\.    3P  &0
M@(&


M+W-H965T-#





4     Z@7!22@*Q



M            @(%U


  #L+   9               @=@R 0!X;]W

Q P


4




O





4     Z


\2   9


4     Z@7!2.DV%?14)   H



M             ( !SY
! %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L! A0#%     @ NH%P4BGU



end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Net - Summary of Property and Equipment

      
      

 Net - Summary of Property and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001193125-21-082813-xbrl.zip






MD



MGP$(RL?5
A]Y;HA^A@



%S=#^_C%_
W[@1_H;9LBW/2OU1K((PR^$%*($
MI%@^+OEE]:S5O1\S2#)@+1H[BK5H=(RU(#X+




M^VB
?!]9CZ$W^O
[FKX@/PIP7/


M2@+N7
0E(T!=0BRWQ+PU0S\R! X7?3-5\)96Z=49K5M[:+[L:7@+0=7ILC
MVP'(






MT!''#F
;FV7NPO(RB





MW?C1#OY9V;3Y+FO\-WTKV$3_
9V@?9H\-


=\7OC*A0-A




MG4 2Z*9S]

OL.
#TPR+

D#\-LL\*$([BPP[TD?I/;('/?=]7%*&
M/UXA#Z\X




*=[H0VRL))*\QKX[C=GP8$+?7L$OD^2

M;PG@+8]Z[3K$[OOW4(RZ!^+'^RRN$Y 6S08[DOM]K


M4-$_* 'G0KA-SY=2-29F
-S5VV*'<EI!R


MH37**SQWHL*S]U7+*SQWI



=BLW:0_6X+

A%PH*X5RW\XI=EPHC_[(I&E?BR-1
MC^Q=+KA.W*SX'84B[%G\CE[[?4,NF7?N6N?6%!9C0HDWM#7GS-<KI
6RCCR


W7]%7=X+[!+NOC]%LYJ3;=!^4#-1#_2BE(UXF3\C$L3DOO)QX(P];
M]X2HAR@5;@?I31\\[T@P/&%0^1['KFCY/ B%)^N2#@H+M,0/$I./Z P\MT
M;Y-P\4TV







+0O&\V\_JNSA

CU(4^$3O@V8O

M(T7;;2%O&
PZJ/69&&=8EKB]J?.?D6\'EDT:G:P7RGT7O36H=RV$1]\V^-I^


\7]L]_4)N6!8\$;ESO_N
R1TW9-\#X.!VTCGS
M](YR8W/P-3_


M?]TM





M6

8O;KKHX
/$K*]?@



5%3*0X
6K2
J95ANE1\IW/$-_2#/&=E(;UDVKVD^5L
MDV8.EZ\U1F;M)X-KCKPZ7$YW



M7/!['P5 XS@R +2S






LB8#Q+:C)Z


M.0_N7.Z+=


EI]Y0@]/Z*EW@C$\

AKBO$HG@J:QG+FX?8@
G&4M.8E=?7X&


M:X]#N
2).+/SU^G


MO$Z^V@?9ZJO6;:OZC2D(DF%2ZHN[C?7()%$QT:@10EM=?$ KB^1?74!MBO!
M^(B52RZ7W :G_3E1[.2TG[LA7%+WQ0TYBJ7P].[QI7 (2V')R#U;J*XRA=:



7/@/I+?1F
AAM5$[%&DDYKN _$(






[#?3

7.

:%\)8'P:1

+^4)4%H0)5T5B/


H#1'NIA6SDT


%S
M2&Y.Z2



9)8IT11!$H=JY<N3/?].2='1:7\
M:&\\1-C!*,7==_;-C6!K:PET2=%5L0YH\8@MA)*JPUO;?+&=ZFVSU%;9P_(R
MQ!0SU\+0%NV6EXQ1&M/FL!##SP(S9 Y;9:7A<4-:U/2]_=%,V^EX61$'1

[@*FMZ@?KJ V'!C-
GOOZA/SI#R]$BR5/@:JM*5#%






 + W0RV8U=(UK\1.O*+!J:K!L95S[[ZII@=67.%$-4TIEG
M-+!P5Y18H!
2T@#JRC*IP%

OC6=@FS$QW1
\-
MU+JR


##1=DO7.;(JNZO@\



_B&.$ZMTCGDZ 2LJXTKJ*H^'GI
M@_S\VVO#UI5.E7%I43KCOAHV(H1X;V232 ^61_H^V.AL7Z/(QE#,Q$MI$#0#
MLK/=BR(*Z<+5B#Q G_R33!5Y7$HH[.]B2(JPUBI9-_)#$E71D66!5$2RT#)

L.'J[Z
M#T*\\XE_OP$@?/@&[XKL-]SOIGC*KA2:#S1VO!4C727! $Q[V#O;[( #JJN-

MAZ[








NV+R@#I#F\
MC2TL)7J@B+I2&]R







M1K Z0Z:K.D51D/!4XK:X)









RM<-MYDNP5._P=<M/HD)FP#P10DEKD./
)

M#U.+76'Z)H4H:4








M?V(=].V193O?;H&L^;

*
=$:58UP-FJ=-61NR6:I9 \0MRK.0L^=9S7V_Q







MA17N^


%P)L[8\VV/Z5^2K*%IV4A#/4)V+/QK(DT9X@-Q
?



I'W39A*HN$:/AUN-2J
M* I/JY/W[.\%8W[H@S


#S_-38N




M[HD(GQV4M


T.D(U VAW[J[N0:[:+EG]%L=
M9&OKFE]6N76[V#6Q+3G:5E!VADB2FP(78[5._B=NGTH!NM /0%^U4%E])OUB


#Z(W R_;9C9OO1*9S]^+8
MK[$KBC
6&9!J[28-AQEVL0/30.INW*=W[P]D^C1
VFXR)449:D9MP5O!U%CV
M\-WP$ I.;2N#FHI; A&;E

M=/RP 53MI L_AH)7=7B\9_G,+%)V-/$]LL$K'57IAQK&*!H)%_77N27B5=U
MG)LI=*D/I0;BM02JE73AIQ2Q6M-&LU_APBQR1:^





MBB[(NK@-K$AD]-RU\$RV8A=NK;*-)=M2%N%?HQ%J&=AZPJ_M@:PH#55EV$P@








]S6#IQ8

]:WBSLPY=[.1D 6 YI(UP8
M6^:5]]S*!(7_

?*1
]6XQ0OYJM+DN/B

M#(

M(YYEZ+-1#+M45['&2,;IU8M7TTA()N;PR19JJC*'6IXOR=BA[E^36%KW$










FL[E+XBTXV&88F


MFEO7(R\I$_/1+B@.::B+0D^*8X


MVSSE2)^(!B]:'

MJ8!*^IFH;H9(2[DU'?B=!$E(.@/L:

MMNG/4Z\HV=G0


XV.7#

J+QTSK0+3N% #4=?A-5A4(5P1%_N!WLDOE$!A
MH=FK*#X#\DGYP?+S







*0P?%

MF*[WW73M

M%RZAX)7W[CYXD6M=(SP#'I'D0EAG5RC^[XT;.S8E





H#=%?N'-4]YFL^HY_?Y_0@).PIG

MS+%[IY0B]TXI-D.V\Y12U?J46JT2DM*TD'Z*GBYT-


\91?^Q6-H*61B] 0NO?$8H4O84F
Q

PZVE2195E1T^NA-BXM1(
Q\E$#Y^?DR[ZTK-34S^E$

1
L]/-










M!%+PG#2-?D#_C.S #A?3D^+[]3 (PKBC'OS$IBZJOM715E.G8=MB!R[P8$6
MM;Z[1L22U@-Q]6'ZJ8O./,5&%,/R_J3YU)]E/[\NFXY)HJBL;Z90@1%KPI6


MZ


MRV-I&5/7;IDLZ6W


2;I( 5E#8$SW8)AEU7'K4@9TBN-]


W1=5NFC/!H0D=7D


$]7)6S!$

S]GC]0+ONT?%9H._-DR(DJ5Y

MXXW



MR

((%%I@[0OR'1D!J3!J

M&D4UD@E#4G1='5:0N:B!ZL2) 


YW!H2


7
MZ
H.9EZ K+MQ 7*-L3J;I1V.H:=K=)AA6NREON%SL[ABK AF:5)O_5Z01('E


ML_9H4+IJ4:^(0#8VT

#A5YUF$
Z&&ZRQ$945*/AAJP+A5[MAF]0


M9%R')Q;Z_A=P:54@ :]@;/B]P0()%3@H-ZB/Z*GGGR$S3@+8[YY_2J?]_OII
MAFD40])[S0J:_S(4NNR#V4]3-Z

N)!EG+71

W










M2R
?GY

M!.*)HF@GXM#8
.8




NY([RG



MR5?*.N=E
9 T;IU5J]U'NKO)5=+1B[262]JNX.D?R0







MW1EG\
XS^&L MM8


3-HEJ+94










MUFGM

^' SKG



M9@D.^H23)W/6BY!S/A\
Z#OEK^ZQ)[K-=-Q-QJ


M&\^(N:'ZP.]V.!F8;FEBS%^61I_DS_QEF5*^-CF&7(^[*9X
?!3

MQ/ '^'P@M#V7^/9CK#'P7V?

AG50C V2#]6M
)/'C+-L#
M . =^ Y;F(!(?[ZU2696B9I-4TD3Y1/#$EO^5J
;8(5%G=X+CF H&\(5UCK
M&.



M



MGJEU0
SD$V
X?_G$F#UF
)\8LR-YG[1)Y[M^VKY;#:UW9&+


MUPIBT.*&C@


=8A%8WR&2[;


MYS3G]'%SFO?;V


MQ;2'=5I[##KG

[YS/G


+\&U]
U1&)G.]V1R

=WLLM)FP^+J((MCD#7W%8L
UAA-I=%HVABCYOY_ZE74


[

V7K%XR@;N'
9VJ8
'4:WZ



:PF:0^X?+NMYNKTT;M8C=@
+M
1M2J
:[[9H%'ZB@3\=<&%OV6( 4:1++&3







P9
M@V7RWC%Z


MBJ4N /=E!$;

4.
)![%[=NF!%G'G Z+X
MP2: K^*!!?27/

N!CA&&ECB*'5+B LW)[<W'W,)@YX.)*9\*_#\#PRUN-(7'



!8
33
MM+ [^A=16+SW!+88+_^#?5-
+JP#\#XK0 L/

\A%H&OM?^*:R;X/'DSV
_ ;^07(!ELU-YR019?4T[UXWI]QVO!)K
7^
1SQ8[U[D6OQ G)+0.[WB0VL#Z+19'$O*H=




P-??LE(M_L@ ,7(L
M!JY*D+P4R!.3.XEFPHNLTA=E,'6Q-^1B/\3

MD'AVP#SLY2P\W)
!GM:*HZ0@



KJ&5


PX&H5 VQ$;@'VW^*@^



MSP @01 D 1(@ ;*W-@E% C
]W3T]?9ONBJO]32RS+ M%IMG4+ MD6VERT4
MB+M10&# 1J:9=LOV#'QD&2',+B-
2N/40HB






[4])Z J@Q;]TC(=.P.( K7V6U)@#F=;OS0O@2EG&Y[%@WA_Z


MD_*#!\+A#X1W80 &;

M

M#RE_1KY@0=J%EL:R
F&!0LE9LY#)/\F62211R0)N@1L7:BB;?A9FGARF.[.Z
M4_

MR[CT(_=F77'GW@VH[*&;737A7[






M^X2A/;_ 6!F0C\'=(WW/_/_7DZLLH2$;X]/MA_)S_




_
%;@-G\)VO+;'ZT0(QDZL32CN 6



M_V_?!IS#V$8H



M]7






Z
MQT7S]_FEA)C?EBXJ)!2WMW.O5*5 :_8C.Y/S&CQS@ N'^KJ1R)IABA*\ 9?L

MG3G$TH 7?
JO'6:;Y#X



XZVI3-.]?4]OSSF[/NUW3/;=MVKMKD6+PRM
MOS;DNXV^89YY)W)]32?R?

MGYU

MT.U@VW5
5\?7-%;:V#3VT*Z AAW
ZWCR2V[V-W14[4CB;4K8OAU-]V_AWJ[O
M:1_-ZU]*

M-9TMDK^7P@*M%=$#Z1S['E1U0[92&.9)X_+Q%W


3+NXK

ML_;/[??]7O'&M ZZ.]=
HA%-U8EHM
M '-YY.DCD*D3735# Q&



$N^
&&2%



M9L45\\9RK




MO5MMKLPZ9
2 D9@WSW#Z2P,^)_A!&S?@BHN4.5TVS#O+8EV):0Y\;

F



2@O=


MR.M ^&P_ET*6(+5D43((SUIY%TYG=O L\& (=04O8!78.(E3[%@/T24)^N!
MCI(\9F]6J.(%_&M[RCI9LQ]^RO2S^'NT8M71OQAPRMQG

.
C]6?+\#S-
M6


M8P;(8H)'VQ4 4
^OPXXL

8 *=SOSPF0+E.$88




0)

9A8N#J4@W$I0
UU;=H21KNQY*
M!K'T-H=2W4&T+$(WG4AAD)U'/1U'/\+4=P%WWRD
2(-=SZ;*MMI;Z.XWUNHI
M6/F\)Z@#E




M!-S[MO/7(;-G_\D]%^\#5K9^]ZS[/HB$V?CGG=6-V?CCI!MFXV

MLC9:K7LG8V

Z&!&(%OI8

I UX+D





H!)-E(BH*.@W0![:




=$;;?:S*


^)_A

K)5;+TYZ+Y.[3=?$%(3DC281
M46QWG79XUTV0T&
C]

ELD4FR

M/$4I\F+J
I]_LI309/.LI=H M\#V
1^1Q;0PE:GS5*9MHFTTN4S;[)9:Q6?W

 \MELITDC)X75DY#LW%76F-.




U8U0*)C
M50
T%
=M*&)5 ZQJ
#D8E4#-/.U(Q .I\
Z(/2GTX^6HM5#4[?(#M^DAI6

ZH5%$W=L$

GG?^G](DBZ3!157#/]+:P+




]



:W96- 7NOF@#&NRPT2/HP7P&OPD@W*';\2PT$+
]Y%F(X



F ;^KS3(F(\S

D



MVPS]\2.ER9:BPY(U% %W.PQ;




[OCBBCF83NC4V87)TG#2UTX:BD6:.QX N^1U7
HCL@(EF)H-?




GW!(O



B+&;

MV6$]@:

R'/9UE










#*894;:DLH6CATG*6=E@_Q6&PX/A



5C8_' VP;[UP^L
M?[TL-F(QI-O Z99QZ';L1HF:.,KY3NA@G
P\=B1;MW46VJZ_59S;]=C=6V
MS?2XPZ S6)M73#]9E



MZG-'#A




E]&L4<^.L)0VW <F4JB-$-L4IF





MJJ.LGWY3&$=X7HTAA9&BF;[O)!]6 3DLGKQO*[])(RX;[#UD=2#Q!A2\IU&
M%$4FAF)V!FWSC,93Q:E5$


M3*K4Z'&
*O&N0[;:G*IF$EE4SDPS/@AJ-85HLH;Z
0J]X^K'W0I&U)-Z4XXE
MA2@:JL8#6/&A2#[/B^O@6B@JS

_.RX=)TJI6R+[S=TUZJ.E20R-&**
ZFCW




M)UUQ^&PP+1D6


#U68\.AJI



!M:[8

MZ0J16F[(X9EB0\*I2C13)9*!^68HY(ZF#O_#]M
\:L6Z?-B!T[XI
VI!?6E!

MF





=@

MWHL9)&$0OWTN_\*&:[ 9+%
2E24&V;CT

MNJI*YD4C1;().&N!:.TUJE

Z\.\Y?2:%.!!<.[%AD$B@MO,H3%+?+ST&I/-EU&1


5+N



M.Q;;C/ VZ1G'JV*L+2#I2?F&,/2$19D80%66(\9!@2+



M^J$-^A&B:
=<A
MVW6M)JHI$:VEQ3W6
-6!4&H:)K%DU':'4H562&&V,Y3@C=%%4EDL3R)H[1


MGHO3M4*W'9N$,DPB*J:S?*GIQ#$T@FLF2RI&0DT# ))!%3D6$'R4B@H1)(

[2%)NTY3CM=76


M=+_!@/4)*#?[%!5-'FDDO



MVAGT^@X%7T;KT3G0I03#(FK+8AN(4A0' T#T3GI1UQH/IL4-

8]8M /O;-'




8.T-BR

!

\


M7QHY;3KG!^3GEOPLGQ([7U&'3N]IM%AY[K0Z.!_V._1I4N^6SI(J^40DWUC(

5+NLQTYCR@SQTBZ#V$:?^;VE%2=^MS!I7WQ%@#2/ 1XL [Z0$







R2^K=

8UV2L(I=F\X?4*+%K&
=A=&D= C)+0J$U/'


Y2:1)$D




M@&ZS3R'+Y)%&PLL\3/V+X 5..&U?4P:CU7UYP'6#:%([P8N1CA'263'@D
6(

H:*Y1\)B']7G$I$4

(CJA$7P'




E+OH\3YZ\Z/
\9?*B
MSW


W
M.?UB5F8TAN4+







+];.!&N
M9S3B;LY8N+(3^_4Z=U
CQC]:ZN;Q$R40EFVP8$X1PH(L@; @2R LR!+C(\/Q
M83E6
BH:.+TDH]H^C0E+/6UM9PP@Q;3/PL8&442)R(;8&;1#SMGK%Y.ZI!#1


@

MA)U45T _M$$_0A2-&'2D+E(7J3M.T)&Z9TM=C#R/U*];Z['](^*ECJ)PXHTR


@RBJF8SO*(GY] $DHDLF2PI&0DT3 ))Q%1DV$$R
M$FBH!-(LBVA&L_)G2*#$PC$FVP2V3BPB$/7]TGKF'NXOK_2F+(?%P5G46A

M

HRG
@E%J*141=0I1VAU+%TH@A(DH[12F83](!$DK/!:62

5_?E J_PTB[E
M-A2BRDHSC18#)Z?!-;).#!6O[)X\G26-F.I@@F-(Y][VLTQ


=@]0


$@1ZQ:5$+$LC
M\KDD6_2+2^:+%(G283THC%P/I(+@)QK'@DOIE+H  ^XEPAG CW-* 3S_%L


M


@M2*SQN;:




4($HWHI3YT#4)4=H92C4BFBK1#\&E


ZQI!C$--HI:?8E.'T
M2U:Q#+:71A%0H^0T*I
3!V[K)P\G16%:#KNY].GL\Q:)QWZ2M!@M'[4YWNO

M4;K1[VOJ$M$

Q_MN20IOI2)
M+(,5)G5WI[))*XC3SE8I*J22P-D=HI4A6%U;#L[H8Z(O6E1 Q#(Y)N(5*[
M0ZI)#$TBEM%=YO<N'5<P7GTNLT^A2R31QH)+_

-B#5

M*N*RDUBS)BK$4MM5=L18\R 4E6%5_-LCUGQ%Z92Z@@
31MY]FGAA($P 'B%Y

HB=<<).E+W;*F+4?%3BXIG
MUY2$ERPZ_HM@)YE#V;[W*;PL?+*]R!5NTQF-)F'H$N%CX%P(\,8T##*'\F/H
M TMB8+V:M$YDTR+&F;3,QK#Z:')874
JP\1EZ*F$?$@]^+1A=6+/JJ /NJ&
M*5


ME

M;WWOK[T/(%J]ZYM)+=*1%4CHM;==? AA[0.@E*%:)9,#*6[,&BE&BR2!2E

0.

(]
&WB:'_UB^3I0
J9OZ]'KROZD=@6;D/W_P CMP


PO6Y*6(:3AJLH2

5)&BBIJU!@BPND #BKU\.KXJ\!DO9?^5ZHY7W
M#OSE=]OS&:$_A-$MGWU$DCP#6-K^A]\ME.\K\N)W#J70?T[C$*TX?'#]YW

W9)UQ5BLKU. =\'$U]#W0;E@@]W]
M$O#?[]Z!^VG](:-%1/NM9H
$3=5-7V:-@.;2')[F!GAY$=/3-E(GG.W#E?

MM


M;9$RSH454Y#


MX I

M*R[/[A@OKX#@ )KM60Q?%Y_F/RVM]TV&/('_)=C #$O1#A:Z?O
F\^ :^L^E
MD'Q=D2NQOLA5'IO0M9^W^.OS!\V6I:WV_+(RNW'(V??+GS#;ID_D+#C?*M)L
M;2@K)WKCN%$'0V^8!)@8V#;X[84\WRLY-V=CEK-9%H4^EA\I0F2E79+_PD=\




65[2/8L3


M&T1



M61)W*S1C**(D&V*Y

MO?GJ-%TT365HM%

MO@W]U5(/LEXM];#K]M)

.NFT4S%%4J5R/J =:5BC [
MLKXJFYHDF[WNJY2UM&5A2=[=2VL/X1A7%\$X7



MEBW%$G6I5UB[.JMEQ=(
L5]8NSJK 5:0B'I;6*]G-+)+OZT6?).MKN2L9IFF

CUT%3*M%YYWSV7!F (N?]*LZ+V-5NU.S;
MD7ZFKEZ2;AO!Z8

M%;$_L;H=G+V![TP


MZEF$92FZ
O\Z5Y+R/
W+Y$-6R.*V*'.Q%*&I66BS:K -[ 9#-O2R;=XIX(?$


LV3)T+8N



M[R:

366UC?&.+ BH





0U)TL4/(NI*;8 6:JMXESKJ2D+(I
M2GHYW:899(O
D!K8NA*(KV0P7?3RI82:^=N#UY4


MX&NCG37P[GSVK V[2A?*MGC]#H!:.Y]+F^+#9:VV
TAW/K0V0JKV .G.)]HF
M2%6K!:2;XH%Q-2!8LX+J
=B

M4!K&F7M=U

M]C6K6'?Q?8?#0&/)L67W0TOHNEW8NGOS/1X(AUG8NFOW/1X*AUG8ICLQ/1T
M31;V!PW85:?+P+UTIU[@Q0DS';[3=;$!=:6$W*Z74A483RV[&;: LA_4ZS2H
MUM5/9

MEXHPI:5ZB!TXI]752-+NQ2-D62[?%^H$O$TW6%O=


M2.Z:?V




74[X')D^=W:13!
QE*@.-YH9Z5^75Q
P#$+]\
L@_$E]
M__\%X8_@EMIQ&%#W8QRG-%J%846A;0;#FO&7@?A'Z*=! OOV@^?3J(8(JWII

?Q
MILD_ BZ\B$U^/?D4!@^?0 RY6?&<N_ MO?+B61A3]WI2!<52UQZS;56$<MVO
MIN L)VN!! 5FJC7B.*1=U5Y;JEV-F#QX\GK_]@Q4,SQ:T&CDT%G5O49FL

SR

M-DB[

M350DJYPAW@ZTNE7EO
-\H7637#L#N]*B9V=
M42Y)XB[0EAB+'=N1=\^B\._LF9?8?@V\G16M4RI?M^
R -V+PD\&K ;FA.

MLF=G\.WSC6\S;X_+-!%^F?KO

M.@%S8^F



MQ75JZ-\UVM 6X3T2KIG/%@FW/^'F;2$ H*LPO4] Z;QT'';8QU\!B:#5P;CU


M;\S+]1CZ+NR@+)3V)4PH__9VYGO)PB/VE1%QQ1UGB@V3![XM@@RY.\U;B3?L



M


\BX(




WX_+DY7OM=





PSYQPS[3

8$)7DU8Z.KYM?!?
M]G3VYM]I,-Y4]( _I# /O-#A8_O!'X&['W'_I:D
19\B:?])43^KX]B^'K



M+Z&R 






M.OO

R/Z $_Q*5J\-E_8#R]Y!$$=.:RA EA9D?=Y80PY[Z2;P 2U8







)YPPY.)N4940 'YP+S_]/[H'@

M@HF:H2'!WX$'
N'Q2/

^M\1:Y'AM@;V01:_U(L

+ST
M)2\]5DL_

#6/EZ'DSFUK@RSP-/!+C0OG/L=OHG[J#38?U
)QR_




M RS0-[A.O.6]CG6Q;X=++_!_:T3,N'POBT%=WENNKUU!^=/Q2D8Q,&=E8P
MU  5$(9.;'3Y*+C-X'N+CY8J(T
R8F$]DZ5=S:XN*6Q0D/+[!\';X@QWASWW

]#XJ(?K%G\06.L=

R<[!Q=9QB1SSQR=?+8_QDXCJ/K1P_B9\\6+@BFFMSG_@G4C3(+K
M?/MP;IE/'[_\RS2?M(GA.Z<=][1K6C%QGMB6#%A:'MI#1*NEIE6P6 @_8*6?
MYN-4_?'7\


MOYV=?;
D#\=S

M^:LU_I&C4]I@\#0/2W2EU$='4)3FHYB4O.CC+GO1]&6\AVXE8/
DX)_LXZO:
MXS:LO+WX V-_Z27::*B1ADIL!=DM2RX4

T@H&


1X/



-++4(1A1@;A.:Z:XY
173A7P:+
X+Q9^


M
@O\/RX73N4/ *

M9 DD AV@*)NGF+0;HO8GSU7?[1PYGY3L-'0D^6E%. 6O27$J4_!D4EOMR?AD
MR@]@


M&5CU)T4Q%+\^-


M;HW4[8R!8S &
)D[%/MGR.QL[BUY7R]Y=X$1^8PI


BD$XD^GC
MEW^Y




M\&(!2(08CD9M+J+/W3IAC+4O*!RI6H6S&E.=]2@EX0Z$^1]Q!$R

MH&MQO:YK+K@!E!!2
B5N0K*LD *WE%!Q[P0F






MN&9AI;&
*[7E:^4J2.FK_9O[I+-H-C7/M$]M68NP/3#M(Y#NV\Z?;=D]'P


M9ARJ*J=:

OD%@E4N*#O8NE;;)N&!0@UHNE1NFVE*O$6QC02

M@!Z\0@T
/Y





09<);W:H&DT%T3R_0) O*



]_Q:JM@)P4
M-8S



K!18,$1H/2N*+]0EN^T<TUF\)MA3+6*-@
MCYXEI7RO#1PTJ9*C$?2T-E'H3322Y;V

M1\@/\!J/K=8-1=YJA



&NCL1

XN=@!%JPR
MU4.:K0%L)
2YUOP340-VS9$&BC%::=
T

M Z0[8^'_3P$B 0E_B=*@5?K;T/1S'

M)CH8L'YR=\D^*8-J(P




N\#66B*7C5YLOO0U?Z
&RL-
JT
_7BI4A;-BH$O$&_(2

(;PJ&ZY@%!QIQ\NP5@'39#O: DM%.\7+)  &2)DHG;(U




M' 8SB9491-:H

2Q
41!#

M'](/J3/-PRD88X4Q!TZ%1P \Y/W01Y1?7;O2+Q2ICL-X%NA0L]40/I5]S5
.


04S3#94?)(A1K427%-O\#91;


M-Y&[-4_B?#:GA$AIKS$FKKE2O#B3\(SEAFNTD9@8PN:XL0
*Q5&M&BM/1\.!


@SY2Y=5\HNU+%
$I$89+PG8O4;5UDMRJ*40= AT10
M_Y.QR*Z%4$EC
I9:




M/#XX[ED3HP.PBZE1786:VFG/[?77SPW#E @)


5[:&W(J:<^2^1'@2W\U.7J5B(

M&@JR/
R0
/?8MN)M.SW3GM/C
\&?2RI4%

N 491A
&F
$5'




5
^6E(PB%!6

%X:4RO@\3G)&[A*P
;[3Q=

5SZ<O_I0*R?6HWP@*7A1: $QU4!QT\A'\EIMZ6K[


M3! @\ON!5F.D XP5J+GSC2)8%A
A?'E_CJ\PG!E:Q2:P%6G.8AW%
CPJ3 7O


M8I;
FFE$6+')B2(_03*F=+42V-


;E07-B\;[ :

MB$&B


2O +7EWNO@
MT\1+Y\XTC*_3DH]XY'QCB
A45U


M^)(
#!81430GZ+Z6H3

8\X9

MT^]Y:&PBIU







M



)L4.#+D%I@?N(B9
TOB:[T)K)DTQ!B#D6M6!Y*T_WW?+$$\R?)
MG*]YXGS UDMH%5SBK_)E2B0$(P(.8V]%4BH:VP'(/[7[K?[N.M5SPV5,/&P2
M$V*1-4$EPS.XD8RP3.BY!OYRJF&351I]/N9J6AWN%!&84&8ZBF9$'/D(FN*


I9S%/GB\(51

SH?AZ^MG:#




M817#&8TR3.91P1.JO



4^I.QHC
M$57&01-$8G=4*Q(O-9@7;.LYYK%\HCR658.M=]PQ!=4[*A2U9GXXK/)S]%Z
MPXIJH^RM J






MHF@IN26OM0QQ(W-+&!ZO%







:


$P?;R@3(J(0]4RLHW0O''$K9\P

5.W #Q7D:6U
W!8QQ-
QC6U!!TY6& #7 +\G?Q!-E8&[O_NZU




MWP3H.5AI*Z2@30_@D[

ML04O$8IE&B/


F7;:QJKQ$*S'YO$ NF:
MYAES&/UV=5RCL3*S1?H9KHRA#^:.@=%+YO,.1G\[2TBE9)/2%2J?JY+SRE$
M+5\L8O1#=4*K\E&50I*8)O80G;^]W8(AV8D




MP8P!DZ*LN%+])BM\?L!1_!#&DY__\___?_\G3*?O+AA3Z!LEJWR5$-7T]*U^



M4=AHH[@K2.)ZVCJ[H]EV BJ?O2P



.A+^?;G]KQPP_)0J



M(S1-&)D3+-VED2=A) 66TO\XN$A9D*ZN\J'R6'F?)1
0


M4YG/8610&OER9K


MU@80)@0IM.2;^G/? %. 743&Z%(BY$U8I0&H-_08[0WU






H.J*OHXM.;::Q84'2IC8:J&T_R/N!E!_

)A4
++T




MTWJ;V 3J=ZC3X#W\

X
X$08I B?Q^IS-MOC.H^F$J%_K3-8Q:#WHO/V


M86P @9]:(;2B_K$=_%(?EZU%]RZ/[ -E3N606YTWV;OF*2?]HO=3WZKTGFDQ
M]?)*'J/J.
+61[
A3+Y0V++MIL*V7:CW2&.72YOV!,J.5/UTJX^@/5IMX2
M][42M_6+7YRQ] _^ ==4FQS$;+)O47K5#^/4WWB]CHCMS/J-,7G:BG\:IWJ
MUDC=SA@X!F, P9L7^&S,[FWI+W]9*W,CNPG/= 3SO8+;9'-=QHV=CW;(7
M&3+/ER)S)O
^@J@JMX3SK256N2Y.
[N'C3&I$WZ-YC8FA%*C*5G6Y
T2(;'(


:
E?/?@_2G]QX!_]5D3M[\N2YLULG.;WJ
MU%F3F
CB1

MEN%Y

MZOZ459_1_2^ 8/#:V/.Y?5FA%&4+9B[;13+HMKW&/A\Y'XQ&&MCUBM%97+.0

MD7&^HV'G(O1A
PY5R5XM&8P]X)9H7*5MX!JB'K
V9+]V8HL&FZF-YL@VA((W

? 5S/.W\L;(@3C .RN
MG42SN*ED;*6J$!8]7B3/88"KR#40F1S!,#;,VN@5KF7+0!";O; &C=WN8;
M  SXMK7Z?U;]SW,.4D[WT0XBF.G4=H?:Y.Q*,!U,@R3%I;KKS*''^AI_# 3!
M6^MKH%NXQQRJ+Q(I#+O'S8@*7QLV,6!/._&NL?X?G#?5#0]F\=.;*92B:1Q
MWS.+8S^]RV\RHH








FPW*C^I]=KTW\;G?ZK2$O'2=-U

MBU

MLOTA[J6LF'!B1%XP^Z?[Q:*NBEYK/'_8L.JGN#FY
0/=JXVU01+1'G/B
U6D

MD\X_$35@UQQIR!FCE39-$R/5;76)2#


M)**KPX1UD+)T4IVK96T%4T_Q]'L,*3V
MW-+V4!63V,#]UI)BN,6HH5PS7+# &$\8.A.,X$#)Q&=[
KFN:(0OTYEFT%*



LH

[SOI[JD]GE%\ZZW?4=)[


MX2O
[)K (;P-%B.

6YMF6YA:S53'&ZM6
M

=!:5 $.?


M?2QMO95RKC*.PQ&KZ4O,ZB5(R.8#'.DW1%XY.L!Z]1X1BBMLT2X4F
#4^&
RYAR/X7
M=-QYG@)7BN1N*3AJI6CI: D

MEBH%GVC













#2)USR;


M]+&&R%?4[9-2-S)

M#E%TFL1
\!-W
#QVN]V.



M2#P27*%M(8D;HYZE[M2E7/T]5*;* C3&;U$E#G:EPU6(JDGK]2AO%9Y(
N

E8([^6Z6_ /9CI[DB$+@



M*I:DVZCF2^WMP:L0I4GJ2  R+

MHBB('*+I_BCO1M 2#E

M5?HN16TSR(T4B_)0

1S+&B*^YEH EM8_S1V-R&:/;Q8G%

T


MY7?Q4BA9QK)^^TZ2F=6L





M'=G7DQ@

MZ)II1(@_PTF3/T'!I'0G'-C3





/\:Q81+

:&K+8


 ^FAB%G


MB;]+]CVC G/9FB\6D::+@0
J 5@#ZPM5MHWE(!E]]KB#6_D4EZ!6=^2.PB0.

!




M\


MO


M2L_;
M3P1D3&:L$F+GM?$)[^=G7VC8)G-1\7)L]+049[-X)!1 @^PUQ.LS%Q-8):U
M&1Y)80;SW%-
8N)P6E'1Y$UAA6!-4R A8^=F$VA
TT6$@W(2UZ?
9DHA?C
M2R@:.%U\@TL=(@-U_55L57GB]YOCB

M




B6W[Q] ;HNL?-_


M=)K K\4R78V-8.HQDXLV:OY-P5I*#S21](@9XDA*C\;8);_GD3 2F9_))AD=


)1_R-KJMNZ;Z[
M5V=




M

M2U

M \.7$



H'.2_F6E0'A./R']TQ&I*(:
MR![C'THIHM0?JSX)JU*ND&X&@H@U


 !(OO$)F3



MBT6
3KS.!E8.OE)($N#)'J+SM[=;








JA]SJO

MT7NFQ=3+*WF
JN
(6Q_-AC#!Y@Z)+=MN*F3;C7:'.':YO&%/J.1
U4N[^@#6


M B 6L 2PB4%(96F)=ZWQ;3CY$&;QTYLI@#KL_T?)HP1Q13TO-^U5'FB*( PC




$5GZ==(
MI0]U3W]Q$/2
_O(G_./??UY^_

\*=
M_N0%?WIHX%76)KMZ?!TS6Q[G7_K02ZB99ZEG\65'M?Z+HP3_%C^H$/M_J?
M_PQ$@CAAM_3XV4V0_ON3\+%[^ME
1)/;#W'DIU_B))N!?_(!M*CPS2%KU@O#

%LXTRN)-A4

8T&%UO




+[KVI@-U1
MB&WKU3[Y(:4&$S+,ACU/13:/_3B,9[<<=4-C4\+'AW3RX6#BGT((P$G
.7J



( [


^A&


P5V!UF[/E0[AP
MU'@NO(\O7O4.QP.#%3HI/S2^SN?H&'/FRFSX8 U(6?$DJ


X.M1:P-H I;#2?#+'2/+G


M;:9KD.@9$

M+Y9LZH(%$E_SNI11HL^K?0S#.*4]?-






M? (?;LVV@



MV5\EV9^[^F:O*P7N* H+!HP,# 5\N77Z+L
MN3R+?!/SDB O?^ 


M0Z]VS/NB\WBQ#+)X(7ST%(PCLBFL#8!3Y5_:50M]O?#FI*[_9#K@


9'IG!0
Z7 %O=??Y\




M$8%/3D^ Q%V[9Y\7IK%J#VS.U.EAH S.%MH O
4I=DX]6R:!F;T_

M]D_A+(D)Z*-'@P[NM9/.N?4NV@Y_Y1&UA.:WLCFU(O3
QJ'UW7:WDC8/=W;W




MV?[I 0^*P(5_7'M!P*+HV_?_15L'/G0%
D\ UUV)

M8

M$[$(P-!=)S11RFI21N'GRC$)']D *
W@!!7;S!XQ;DNO8(=3D5_\G9SO86

M$VK);


O TGT/.OO=L:H_'8E:V\S9-#?=@W








M=OHCSD2Q:CCCE%S7$G+O$G7B,]#N&:6%1M^THLNJFER(3&F;?6$-N1]PY[

H
:T)[G
MM6SYDW%SZR.^:#WR
!]QM8G!*_





333C

HQ+OX7HM*W%*Z34Q\O81N
M48E;W=ZB$C\+WDZ+2MS6][Z8+6]1B5L]\OP^8HM*O-
/[S
N:4OR%CVJ9877


MV[=7#(57 6+7HA*WJ




3A9X/7=S+%FS P$




K5
WV?[@Q
MNE'GZ#5G/J7


G-;9.:K]';LQ0R-)H

.)'48;-6S]);X?.RFIP0VN!


M@EU*RV-DYZO*_E-W4I\79.
[81QW
3CY%%L_%N*'AT7^M%

MN3C2YY_(:W&)VR-SY6?-L7=@O.FE/U^8WCV;F38SY0&+3J*N'^X=Y\GE7W@A
M)Z 'P83T5(5E^
P

]2?KP:TX6!A;



ZN
H*TO=+*02SW#
Y
M6='L:9E!<#_Q@SLSL/?V_#HDQVB29Y+&577 #;5<8.9A7'NZE.5#XT^5PVE

&')P=G@T



31PT/VD+RF%5R$Y-2VR*E))BR21)LB

53)SP3GDD%WETLU1HEEA8'



M=
BUT9 K!OF;$9

-G(%/.

X%VS G9'


2]+QO$7H8M-C4!%MUX]U-[+.=RA *T@6N4'A1:O?<I$5].M

9




M5NAJ7 =(#OOC%+H:'PS'7!^IZ]#=(.(]Z'6M#O 2A.8=N#'TUFA
?@AZ?)




MSQ-
!B** R_


MJ6DNWOPN 7]M_OSHA)8K-]8U$.
'U[=^O/_[WW[-O@-TS7WO*H+'5S.@_/ B
MALT72



0H4PP:


@I TA)V\M7#)_(
AR^7!JJUIRA3;_8 N(!9@32'RA!H/BC?9^
M



MU-L[)YK)
1[99




'Y3E=0-+/

\ 2^WSQSW!1I0

Y1)AHK_$D
MYP

M'IOM8^5_4NZN4EK8IH TRYY33#P@&X06[#^Q



'NUU;R4Y3
MACXL
1/ST0R7EXMSX1KXVQ-V$FKW@ E




(MW*
M2:?Y

:PDFVS%+

DLBS



AE/9FB99MMMGUE?%.XB\50MD)U)1)O:5[A JA




$V8

M4PL2K))
53[0-3[0:BC90TI\6T6I-L^=








!
V18'L('\\&\G#./$8Q'H6C;(AL0'MYBWV$9#-;;Q

M)\&\.U_:


LX!
M5!4YN


^X/AA@@//6Z%




M(CR*V
R!201(E
CRS42
$QE$






QT:!@IHX[LJ@
M/]C[Z+&!#V#6YG3-5UGRX!N\/%@Y5N+HC@=L1MX/H
L%-(T]^0TP'6FWXB

=F#7#^*WT'
GZP&4#0W7PF
&?



N[T*'17


M56FF7Q

M1^VGZQQR0U58HP  F%PBM*^\0E53KUNG;2&(6CQUTK%/5WXZI(Z][OV6^;VE


MGTUX9W]7QGUMH/7U

XXW\YYFF^))6BL9<L?63GUNR7;
MDNAMW=BW LA%8O7+4^GGR*PG%PKYA*(O_FY4($23CS0P_$9B*^';
D\BQ!
MGM^R8G:KKRY7)1/R7UX_YC';3$IHQRR)7I/F%]-I(*:IWV%&=;\#+:*@:*W




'\':1':D*CU74M]HF4OR







M-?D&#4XM2+!*

M)9Z^QDZO03+_X

[#S_6/*2SGH11C&

L=^=?39A5/N[
NYK(-T/ 2@@0\

OBN
M)G^?O7_

K$M$[!N^Y%ZNLST
M;&E1XK+1%)/[G-MF)-C$= )VBZE)F3^!)2%._ 13[


MR
*891
Z++[2#$3

M;W6EI]6=
VP[GH_D!44'0R46K.TL/WJL9-..+E!5L_




S]BULRWT)5+P#1\.[:BL
=R$X6I2++_#TPB
MF]7=3'B2IP:^BS/#:!%H/

K
M9=QR&@ZL8 [R0P2?SM)PEFSXY+XMQ';(-^'O9'J *EQB#E;!:G_$?A#8"+
M;5Y9PHI[/K6#!P_!LC.G

D'EA




8SX


MB
Q*8Q

R\6UG?'.8^._ KS$A-R/=R$LHNK2W;M+QR+
MZ7U]G9RA!W

ML


%VZAG:(DHO/FXPN+G.X!X9
\@^;8\'
MWTFOIE! BF;=C_XZ'PK8
6RU

M:]1=I+!Q

V1$DG^J])(


T(1^2VT35EP;UOMT

'JN0]C<[[
M?9VKE


F&U==VA<D5QW?6@A?D#6CQU

M#TY%DB=
=ULC)_S23B9

M


#I+J+JTMV[2\<
MB^E(M;DMA-74,E3(245)/?LG-NR-&:X8DC4S\2,1.$<^W+;X6/@G7:
;4/?
MM2EYV

/ ZZ@$TOX$&1U+1T7)P]J$


M2PL 7M%4N




P&K+@VI-=M8V^.E$CR7Y5&FB_1




\2C<W^?T]&JUQ5
G


SQ-N
M^%0!3F.P7P'.*JH)KUL;AB\*?@X=H7K7'W-J?!$(&MK!@G(630+_'@ZP_\*
M63Q3@OX-\V4/G-W-?%=@,%2PFWB^[!S17#KH+B]S5!!530[6D5S.*8JFL^6

5$6S3=BB*IH-H+9=Z([J_+4*+^WD!\VK


C1@Q;5MZ-I#T!HC\Y$T5^55


M&:.N
7D)Z(5AF Y!I
M]C*)6!
V

/]/

M\%?OYL(





M@D'I

G^6

M2 MD


M'HBB[INY6)_&B67%0BFA'9K*Q:DE!3W*RLM 0DEV^N@NRO-C2DD!3IBKRDOH

MA?(%E R*(H&/9=*0@4F&:5*V&(XNA'
1$!RE]*_5BO&9P#^Q%WY$
4R@F(-_



M \$.KYSA:'#?GUP/[XZC[69%=R&6P

@@WEC0/A_M[GT;\+X7M@F _^'K+@


MWYW!GW^]GOSE^!1)U.+*%P]EO25-

ML2F'RR613\/9F







MI2GE0CY[NRWD36%'I:6/0J!7A

M;/FC$.H]70M_#2


*.^
=#9()JSS1
M(

M9Q#Y]X7A%:N*9WYG4YE#E(/5.3
A':SP*.0/:_@ET]
W&ENPCD3KE/*-';TK



)[7UW(1OBLLNI*#M@.CBYZ

[7L[=O_7-(


V5[4UE-[$@W
M2+ZP'BW=P3HN*9?N5V7%OM#N9S?%Q:MAFVMXY)T=M,E*^2[P:Y%I:R^2V9



MV_LY+@%O[U=DQ6M(


UU!%&^/_Z&QO@:+
#)Z0/!9Z(
M&-


KZON *-!YH?IU][$VJ4\D
M^Q$O



M:]KU2K-F

J@5KZD

MFD

M

M&'6;.

]



+ D,TUBC7


NW%DM
M=EZK0=$%WTR34_TY:W934)87_/_1*/!_^+3V/9TY^N'LCP$D?SI1;+GYSVB



ME

MM)3^:Q_ZG# 7'[4_^[$1@$VQZ



MPBD/EU0RMYXDMDOMHYQ-78+W6J(0_*X5D.Q
A#6ICN8P75=#M:0U*AFT!0-%
M



1&#;R:\Z:0*IB.

M'U9XJX&B*[65=]L#L5T72U?

L0K



M_P22; 2YNT:9Z_-15[^28KE9?Z8C0:3A=!RP

#MK6&6F




M3\;QI




0[XL=V0ZPT9RM
MS-7
F6:MGV-\LLU=32QMEI L8





M=3]ST7






MC:VZ0-KXSCB%_JNC*
^%E.(!S!]T\ULT@6MA:#-GN11FOBF^+K:FT@OCHRM6
MEBUFXBW&PU0








MW8@Y6(/




D2

MRI[XVL3QK[

):4;R^-3II\EGX'I4*_\'G:6AR/'PH;X6D^N*
M[



MH:2:2%J_DY$(;P3&(UY




MPXD-9B%POR:
-@ZK[6HL^JA




=9

M#NA3!4NA)?GC_P%02P

M
C R
#$R





MX][#2^_B\NJV]^O9^+IWE=(


/)NP_O




9E)W I;%968=3@J-96PLT(3.K]N6Q*V H30!^$P9#3_B

MR6CY&]'U_9/3I=WPS?+7OQ48RY83\  3\;W?F@6.G0AVRR;F8D@91:P6;;(S
M('6YF5%9ML=^K%&S:7\M2QQ3/BIX:WW$%MFR_H3@F;S'EA_$)F%SRKZ.Y[QE

+7(*\%I.-U-\T%POQNH<AUY

H

W0^SX9BIE-20M&6[






2(O[0HCY]$ NO^*
WJW#




M.1Z;* H'3NQ\AGN=@@%B'LU8LL5VF$9^(ZRRW
AI-[\*S?@K5K*11JV^)2

MK6%*O=;PU=GU/:[

411H5:MW2O@=(34!;(([5OB

MO/*P!)H^6DWJTM).678PJC:BLV6=XN.UA\^$B38B6+\@U$HYY5:CFTT.:D+[




MD2(K'!@M
@CV%P[VN?SS


MEDO\82%%W !$RS2+)O)--0+PP=E *$@K*NW0FJI:$6@S4-FA1'3MA&G[%AI
M7-6Z:8M.0=M.8R ,,DF/H+N1IVCJHA48%3$/;OU78BYONNL:5
Y'&;;H%)P


NEHS-
M-H97!-HTXG0X[E@1)#EYK/O!QX0](_ BANH]7GK6NCP^VZ81UW-S2]7?B(QL


DV




PYM5PLHPK4ER@%:;3E

\/




6K7C








8\LCNX&%$1O/+M79AO+9OS@CZ=0BI6

M/3]ZQBQ% J=

P+3
M[*RX?E/D+AX!F_/R;5IVFZG#3*WT4'T;P#YZMU6@OJ1D^3CT/W'LY14$N6N
MWY,F(OCC@OTS?2RRG%B,C]?[I%.-VM%(L]6Z[7O+1T=[B&^B=)A*K!Y!D?BW
M_;QG598:PPBG$3,X1 /%HZ6-5$BL469Z,.V/QU/.G5SWR1K[6AIR5DKJE


?7$E@&O1)U3GO6A( ]M
/


MI*YGO[Y]^^/'CU_245949=[4[ /5+\-R^I;]_4_XX*O[][^\8S^R?QV=OOF:


W


?77%VTS
D]&;T2DOY:SV?DM]=5-IWE'*'X


ER8#$]E4_._





MJX7S*JN2\9@26!@&HT51


F&K%YOU

GG*C%K4U_;E@
^ 9_N!_6$T
N&\M-=\!68


A#[T

57[
MLRC?.K'JHJI*P?1C)95%?;^Z6JVPNW^PFCZ=6_-Y9.-T+A/X4+/;R65@X:QZ

XO_ZC(NE-



M)



MXP&86@.3




M



97WT^H
M@MW8DN@QA/- 8T?@K!7L&!
F18XA$.9+@?BSFV &E /;#2C2$ZF.[AHCF\V
(QN7
SEL&A#(
M3R
\6S







MPZ5-XA!


E/0W;3).P<6?T@;#Y:O%^9+O#1&/#0E-'_9CC/2-6] V4
MUR_4!^1&/,*GM^$0;AEMX/P=&&/]6$?*D#1D;H[Z


M='W-BI)&BKS(;ZB@PI22JR].HL'O_5T&G9 L=^%.-S#QI*7:$I:.WNVI+N


?#KZ$-_M,AWUGA#'D\;YIE@HGHBIZ*:HDV+,I89)Z?/+,&]XXBKND/J1
MK9\TD]K ;DV!-OJQB^F,,;*DT*HN#+_GML?\=AV].\U!)KHUWZH)4(?B:85

\%49EQ7XR[[OT%6&?TB_K

M:!Q;@?*1K5IJ#W]K.*;%TSUK41YI4E3)4!7 :ED3Q(_O@H?*'G:!%$_VZ?WW


MDCPG.5G

L0ZD710;P8
M=O29VP$]]O

SMK3/'D7HXS62C34L\B/'W@
M#9;

I


V:?VJ.))9;Q^<AO56@YVRP(J@AS5I&LSU6]L*5FW\]

M-N^#N38H*HPK;L)JTF'S1-ZPW_*
X.LU7$/X#G]2LEV Q9.U6DUE_E*S%9M
MR%S7!LR!/&]+M^D6Y+N

MTA3[X?NZH4SO#25

M/-K.R4!ZK5VITJ%28?Z8/]\'.1Y-P?]# AI+Y=9
$V6#RJ*H NC/LLG)EC
M1.
CC7 XKHQKGKH2( SDZ+:V9(SZMZ=M!Y:/A

]XI;H5Y&#

;08!?N^:1V48&ES*UIOC!?VT^Y88;_Z?I\48]5^



M&9 ;)2C10=-2B7UD0?5\S'9)U6UB.(Q[-F4=02^LS#NS';-C

MVQ#1:/3O%Q:(0CVR9+U+



7WL:@4TL #]51UH+!
 IZ$<(5U+)_2Z;F^!2;ZF#%8^\'W4ER)5N6


MYH5H@V4J
LT!H:PHH.A+6(H1A8*+[CX8%RXV'^]0SG;:\H '*_C$J&4E*1HD


S1%,6?';]_]S&,E]IRB;TG.7]$
M^RZAFQ0<O9,^8V^)1D$!@B= _JS5.:4\)ER$2RX2#V6=X3RM^JO2SJH)X16



MK1$ AQK8Z7=2V+=S6BI$P3*V@W 2G/3&I.H:.I!1B1+=5PI+MH0
&RD]/(



MCVK],+*B('6DF30FDG%
M.Q!42O9PJ\F+DK&7#)_:-BT
]G)Q]. R619OL3@=&Q12RT BJCDAFJH. ,2.7#-IWYJS'5 *UHX0
M+H.$8V612\

I;U\74FM=,)V^.8I/(9OZ&/9T3/17









M419I];6D]9AM^2X=\DU7)G5QG.0U SZ1^(1T=]*/)R'WZRW35Z=TSB*0.1


4C



?C.68H!^=

$4U4
;<P\$=\?4U&Q BJ%NWJ;&I+PYBSB+Q4[?9Z3B!C.9DXHZ60T+2
MZIII RYGZ-T9&II=FP)E1.(&:L%X:[SZHXA0[I]5)_PJ3J[%-KMZ:*;3A+*U
MT*2'YJG?Q#^:*ZT
(Y?:7*19(GQ9 \3 BIO]RF;&%=G6*N(KAO4R$8JT\

:BK=_Q.+@

J#(3S5[&-#R+F!.U2HY\%!U%=*@&X:X$_&F?+AG&S^N?O



M%^FWLJ#+'\6E7N1 %- S$\Q=\EN7J!0?WQ'4OT?8
8'P?/I9!$/=EL7X-GLF
JQ


S:;8FTM5.X;W6^!7-T]P
MGP0*1+(&*U*:


M8JYPWT.U'Z

RTG0#ZS8 ?AQ!\&&L

MA+

M7D;:H_D42HUFKZDJ@
+=O,6
+EF\FHU5]PY9;]A]F[UXDQ=_Z

MV*?;4RO;AIT=*-&$A/CC)Q:+P=1$09UK'P5VV);)#34U .XJ?\VN$B)\X.
MDH^ #:G!\$#8[CQ-Z%PV?VM-!XN:7/RS4U1#SH$15U#!4IM4M-X82NRGW6'$
M?O7]/BG&1&$N;/T=T$9P

R=@+=WMM&W


MAG'!==H02TG9'

M: +8LY5
M=EIU8&

MVH 9-=VP[[E6A5#!:G?OA'(/?\=VHFQJ2


M1&@@5&J&0QL@5D 55'?WHZR_-1CQ-V[K^6 T(CPE4[5T'_/;PJMC29[N_6+.



JY]J-
MJ$X@/9C0\LO_2<YV]8OI\;'\G PG2]D4/&EJ@+2X*6=*;'!X\$P5CGPLC(=
ZL8W HT<&R?KUX9$)
M]&2
%X_






MSD^VK\B



E9M@

S

T)@H/Q\/N=0%<C

MY72:U2) Y+Q(+YGYEQ5C4@PSLLCYQO3P5#8U_PME/;=)\L%3GHW%V1U4637P

M6T.@/93@7_\]J*

WB
D6HAFPV0/
M@7V5^.L6J]9 )2BAT#%TC'T]1'-V: WBNFRHMYZQ:@P4@O: '7+'V%=#-/L]
M2PS=.X. _A$E: R]!ZRP1W.FN9FT\&OI!8YRN[);$TO\.:L?W@C$=M?F.V
M\N
/DC^3KTQW$Y
[O76[H*:?S-#THY%XKMZXP.%S'K.6?/6717.@E)_
^NRD

M$+R54JAB:^RPM[!O1&@@T/

M!X

:0J4'1
1 \
M;QKSM8
1N%$;

2&1Y3*Z:9@ I/'Y&4MX/S6XIZKMAXG
M[\




MD(-%7%:TWIA5V4^[

IMDPR17V#7:\J,'*=.=DX
M=IQ43:401NRTWIE

M3UB#)-
N1EME8!)&L1'LNO;^RB*7/YY8O^V%4OP/G/18G_%OU %\J&\5=CFF
M
N/R$:XG]].Q!9-UK63


M0
HK


@FN#&KEQ@.Z[]D1(^

M)RVA?\*P5_B0S!FCOA!NSC

Z:'$T^2


M)/W=#8H-J]5\#=/;XIG-A_I@A*#? M4A)8@U-NI7ECEQ)B-D%_P2B=CTKZ







9Z;

M7KL.9%#O?!16S']/ARYAU1C/C3-M6M1-O2Y'G/;TV;DQ_HK\*4Z&$H2.U5X]

 #!
MBM'N7458@:+2J.355#7+Z%R;RU!36D#[$.:JLM/3/ '(VNH4-CKP$$5IRY0R








ME-
=X?Y*(*&0U+1NTPP 0WTP.!CYG?2A(!K!UQC


T:0/*

%NT2Z_GA3IQ7$+!I3UA.B!7CX.28
94$09I)NG*DNSA
X?

!]#0EL;FT(EO(^+MSI=:G-P;)4!D3!3SLKTH]3BCM ^[L-ZU2/VPMI-




*7
M\\%H(XCE@0Q9T3IK/Z\:&P9-X::J\3K?VB..YX:



M' 5EW?TZTH__4:2DRL9%HLX=8ZP'HO=CG^D&2

M%
-V[[K*JF'9%/7B];ID+#-2K.I!Z'EO9U0-( 47W2
ASM-_-)78 E6/Y3H!
MPEV2I3?%XO7 *YYP.;W*GK.4%.F@V!%;P9:'E@%^?_:3/B$K[L9B)#V!J/B_






-R2%-VR%1!PV_3)F)-(K](]Q

MBNB=DBW!^.GBB@Y= (BR$N?P/4;2KCV13.^7RN _&$\N=IW3Q4*A\6!AS]
M?M=D#]S%_)%]TY#P4E


MQWZUWN]\(7SC


N8XM?


EP^WCR2!KHO8TN7






AN*YB- !EU42_M@]ZP/+%ANH#W






MTTM&E9Q(2VBHF=(7
@Z6;D)-DG1945A/^KGH&3&A)DA?[O78]G7IP=6FX%:6




M9K;8EA.]?='9$5!0)3$O6UUK(413^[O0,DCT)=H3O(N8\5NF!QK/=L(1F



#V[EBY^UV6YW'UJ]\][
MY6!91HU\E7?H_45++;N'TV2Y!ZU@)?0*W2P\J#N;6UU*17;P]FO5(U_31B
M*M$\$2$I!5*A[D-ME:F2/)J490'B_DY./@4ZUT(P?&R01I/,+$ 0&8,8ZB#,
M3PC@@@-+]B30XDE!%HJ^6&RGD#P:LT%TCZ _3  91Q/&YCK@[&F$Y^NY;_28
M)8X'Z]U:HY:5I&B0!,MAL(


?^JROY4R;^\







M
4O-!

4#[Q!_P3 JDMGK**B+N*?/F=B6
M%/7G9#



MLUU1E_MKENJS U9?H@,#B[$#Q@<#Z@L93E+^
Y#\4 $$_%C!1MMCX0
UI
4



_++#[$GII9#!WN[$P2)Y(Z7P0D




C86H@_PB0PQ.V)N^^__KI
M&](2CC?[DSIC9G4$FFT.+N%M'O:;)Y9/3/7H;\#S/#I*@$E69(BB$V]NQY7$

M[UJ

398

M#;8=$'0O?A.$24N9*-*Q-P4FO9[L#*PF(A!P?F'YKJB34E4-ZTMO)GZ+!
K$
M:



M4RX1V2S7'[

@P/ZUI2YR4AU]TC(0O4$
2NT



_-W@ Y !1E,%SE!;<5?B#_3<9=QJ6XEBY1/]#DK

M]?1==LAGN.#/8N  



MXJ9XY:N47**KCCA)3J2-;'U(S!T;I MTP]NHT'W!K6//W83& 

(?%8!0<Y)[A2(NO!$-



M!1^DEIO9N[(-LB5W4N8AGW_?:N#8'!QMST/H
=VE]1-G_D:FO1+BL?PM#M
A<&57R1[_G$^WT)@CQ:&U%W$9:'< 6W%^ UV<=/




M@@=$Y?'J 5E8/T4_[./.O(ZD6 VIDZ]EU/3C6$U[R/Z'%C Y[FYHBZSPIO%(

1%OPD-#*2O
MB(V.E

UO\8V
IH:+\1%XX/:F@61]!;J42Q8)UU'OK'=B0S@
M#L8O8BL




?ZOM_^*^+
M__J/?Y0_^./BCS]^O_CC'_\+R:3:5/_475W5B5RW2%*?#KT0#WMLZ:K.7FF^
M_R?R#XM__
=WBQ__4='\A\6[/_Z1_\T?[8=\]^/AD/%S8*/@'TE\31M)A/J^



Z^7Z



?T3)%=VJ8]0?*-SO6/3X)CO
M]2$).*&KEV..I*[&-HTIJ-A.Q]0]0..;#\-TATCG'L:[XKAM15&%+^4#TMB


8JWCR6^VBX]3#^0^3J/394B)6[?0CX5TEI['@B



YF
*KN FLOA5_Y


W1@HTL



70











$EVV[E-'%7_<+]=2[^HU3\GI.
J-#I/P10MR)
M;Q(PX/D]T

M5EJ^9GQE?&Y_I*(Z2-DG;QIV!!5\I6LB9!499C8TB6
+!&WHG_'Q7_!7T6
M5P)A'J85XUF*447FW&DA:_U^



M_A-9#;M G93X%RITC4)
61#[XXZ)R








*S&'U6'#XC!X;9AO




[9C6%$



4+ I3O-*=E)GZ)7-Q'QPJQD#?K'2;[@N'2Y8IU

M&8P9ZTW-']

;F)Q&F%S&3#D


OY&@;5%
MP[Z&VS5L_ #6/?'2AYN-^Y?J=_K@!Q0_#*U$F










M(


F!Q

M-[=Q3H-AU) 

MYAVQY+2)CS@

_\].
MK;X:5V#_

M^;KEZAO2\B624ZT!*]Y@N;=@TOLWXH)\4=SROZM69R2J2UQQ3X4O$MUEUJ1^






MY&NWY$UHY\7Y



S/1=D\8?!G
MOD7)BN?V)8-E

17 +UW?+(CA
M09


-6=L]3N)J6(&






M::;3= YA]3'^#

J!6

;N7-*Y7KPT
M4


MM^=L=WB?
\X2XS<5A*G+



MV@KS$L^

 %M-T/H4P_0;Q



;F;V]Y3A77UFM/?7ZEV5


GG,)@<9=\L&I@TK<BS?@Q9,J=-Z2W81O0)O=Q(QU5+ PXAP9^M.
M
X!G/3I^;$Y%!%^D9VRP8VKVE?VII/TE_$@*B'H0.=]!@ \(



@(M[][92[7


M\?+A_[*X5_G1ES]-W7

M#:J@X;[4C8[W]CAH3F9IG6/C:+O''@=

 =.IQM#)P
ME9XZ$^&4U/NBHC2&*^7QA8KSX\WVZ(:JY'QB8^LP$O*)HI6L$N;0V[4;=8
?&ELGZ$#GK%$X?(DVN?#L &704--LE.UT/=Y]G&

)E *S(AY)0






#)IR1PTA@5^1 *V:ROZU5Z3DZZ,QM[84BXL].!QY=RN^ZW&!



M


MET]572:KL=Y=D
^0UU7



M





9ED-4Z3A



MQDC$S[

*MU1)$=IDR=RV
MI(&-S4*EA9R7?

()]YR7F

F/48A
M84A[3

QBEM//M%9%QJ*(^I'YJU4+

RS^
M5OQY)8OL1
.UL=JZR-4[08WGY.I/:$
-'\YSI\YG-IMJ

MJ8#L%


4
YL2
U!Z!X
UYJ1F4-(G$$QQ^1_X/$;)

Q+;
MSW7ZK)/WS(S6!HMVQFN-ZO!&S /QYKCA<O7775;2@QS299':9$?A@Z
%D[&
MO[&V/(B-0L-%EQM=J.3H0M[ZP65(/8OH=)=I\+C1MI.PRY


#X



M



&OI<BW9
M:=?]:U9I+VO8?.:T?NH&#KAR<F^L -;%LI(R:JE!B^R6%X/UA*2M4*L)H2(


H

=E!J_02U[QE']FW%/4H2*DJA



M5ZQ
OLP-?C

RYMH14W2#XX*G8X' XCJEK]/







M(H-VO\#'5


M*Q

MVZ'GZ(T0*!YW3EAS@/NJ

MA5Q$@8[NSQGM2-AL^BK[LRV_**42_:G W68CFCZ)T$BOR]^1 W6Q49^^

5
I5
;+H




MR





M$?.6DXRPW\MN;.-2,_?LN+Y@G^W(:F08JY%P8"D3L'YW$_+;!



*]

M3SD3JP



M;#)U Y.MYFLF*;%MP6#C


M/:T1NAS:








W
MR!84AE%#])]H27I;6[Q(@3FRZE_ZFNM)
\LD@R5ZXD_X  %Y.A,GZ!KQLT

0;;=S;U830DYO

M/%
C8AAV&%*!H!HA[U.#*Q4ZZ




?

TSB^L%5K_'V:UNQ%#6*FFZFZ@K
MZ^AH3Q*.;)O:F3^V2#-

GOE5LWCV!6U
MN^&#^AYLDF *8=H
*!9(PP/IF'RV2R(;L





/0_BS1=_HF+(S28I][+[
M/!66D^59UX]^_'F(^5^'0)STH#A^ YOQEV/+G'#[3K99G629W^CZ1V/39(L
M[3J'RY



$9:SHA@S=4=Q%*$HRM(-B)'Q1=0
MLA+M

!Z\MT35U




MW+S;H7'&E]ELC

MMOE.U+J\_'(M7+.\%'7R9)75 1IN)-QY&8Y6@..Q_IRK6=N(Y&7X%EJ?\'8]

*NT



MZ$]$ WS!+Y$
DR''36?\AN?CFG#UCRW?6%]S#IISC$-\J]BZ\60-L/B3JL




%B=C

M

I[&8B^8I%Y?U=5*6


ZW%'KVBY2O5

]U3\W2G.T2. /OV2;)@SL3K_VW##A9/RH
ML%.DSP5X(\JV;B@P
4\1.G'MRB*K=R7E['S
WL2?JD]T\T1+#=[
'^%Z91F'
M#=#\JJ4IP]*6*OE5T8T
+0N]'C=?LIR)\$#JL&Q$S\0O499&,L_3@8]6F:!
MQI32F)4^8H%@V&3P5LRD*(;5ATRF3UP
 WJ'Q^'?3);FK-$1D:-
IBRY@2/
M




M.+P!CX':68*IA


9J]]C
3$]8B1@1$]LFE5YB@^3WB-T
M8'K)MEOU_-6?N?[X^
_& @GC-[AKU*91 V1)&I(2.2W1F0HHS$H]O@]L-PL1
M(+1[JK(T2\J]B#27:]6W49_+
'Z#@Y!IU  02IK6=J%-L,6W:S*8^#8Z3X
_
MP=T?.1XEP([T;CG3G6JHN/K$N
Z##_!RU=:7N8YDX]]JV:7Q@DW?H


6








M(DG-M$$$*_LD8L5-5UPT6NS;IG[LC*[P.ZH#%
VT*9I4GP8O?K8K25:F?TXV
M65YKCKL-OX0O9M-C!5BZ!#'24IMCF=)HCEDI!3FY/R5/94;SG-Y3NM+?L=#]
M%#R]NL'\SV]'C4AR
TRP5GG
3B\^[)?'

M 25Q)


O


M

MP*'B^##!RL&BEQ-H5
5







D\\



8MU9*YEH




M47\ON&XZ66M\#FX@E-/!D?+O=5075T60*$Z(8F5!%#.+]E\%?%N&0%893E:4




*%Z(8&;1V*#D1S9\;S@BDB7X^5<@<1T._BI!


1S% ]XJ=D9+Y



MV@;





=[#[V@!O=\%Q5
VV)[56
MKA95YFD!+]6'1Y9\\W'X%^*RQFN2]UIUW'L,.!%'DLH^,$YX;R0X[\;L#/#
M8_3H26'N^HY63+5[JNA?=YR!#Z]V*Z+AUR!E'[




MF
D8;_8%G\_P@!UAP[@Z&K]!@=$XZLS0FV7--*OZ^ $XN[E!;!YEB:&J/3'L






*BB

+%5^H P3*N&OTQ/IX:'2Y4'-6=E&##
M)S2W*0KIANWUERUGR%X&I_QL:!)@PULL/3 UO67I*37K*JGK@7I?HH-C48'




#]YBE(]O:
![X



E'3@'X13+
36#
Y'Q]


M/W129

S

M#Q!0*/I$
4 D!Z1E@2@>X'?&_$N%





M

MVE.;ZKO-'SD6T$X-Z]_9M#1%TX:#!MUS5'!;Z'6R$E8_$S&ZOG
/LI'[H:M]


/5VQYT+$G#?%AZ0LN%NN^K:$!_9D/.@+3A-_


,6KD)C<]BAD&VX<,1-)%1G! !%R(H

M6L4^O%!:_U2RW98'*:8S!

M$:2.U6L!J=$9F0=2/Z @]4


S*\R






/HURW




ZHQI]


_4C5KZ/5W1[%7$H-62







MC ^E2^




H*=H#UU!0A;/P4K

.7D



RZ_\X2-*

L[?Y*BQ;[#\%XL1_:/V(Z0H03
M)PUUTO]M?-  %

X-=C37U?@W*.

MD LB*



R[6ZT4T:\K 7.KW+@GN'
MLQ=)5/TOE$S


T7A%$



CN'RTOLKF'






U!)B:9&:C%N@%? ?MHB_.GZ@78S:'FT[QALK+KJ;5M0BZ]:4L


MZD\03*_8AK@4@_9B/$^(

2\T
VN4D?
M&O?BT+I!9AU513\J%17T6=#N8AIM(!IW&MWSNL6=CIP)[S)Z+MZKX;3K][
MU?X8OF'5#A=@CZKH#:
Q\
&]
\N(-;'EF]KP'6HSK9]Z9JNB:!5

M_@A7J70R3(#J).'X07!UXPY3FFE@
63!U.E$'A=)34PUUF%R%[R4G:I!GM/T

MA6I=6A'!Q\6:E1=5(F[7SYO6MYV)R;P^:KC%/^/LV.3V0=\C;X68#E^F#L
M6B3JL_O1I

8YKEQ!H#5R1P*$2GBG

M-POR67CBQR\T?^6_X!!X@14&A9



PH^M-E.X/B

MGS-O=GLR6%BS/2%W#E8KF IIMBA?=GL/YRIS9X#VNR$Q ^&XMU-]
8MGD&
M!BGL
80%1C:[LS0X1RN;H_S@L6EG]RGA/
D.)/=TV[ D[D%FQ2K;)OE-(3(:

M2!3YP=Y(38
G0)^950O\\4VT+V

F82[#[L#K ;'<GWG$LPU82!/TP**LHBQ.IJ*TJ
MN=OSZY=D7:4JWD[Q4L[#[J2M(L^%WSD\/0/7QU-JZ-=^C;64:(A[37A#-16



M+9-]C.0F $5TJ@[CF]D39NI).61 !C9L[MBTA@0B&I5M0M*U6)/
*7#FT0HS
MQH8DPUM


MVV5GGF^W79*+/K'RVVV




MW*A']];=IQ1T062F06JA'. ^C1DV\





3

*[R#U?;CUR-/7





MY6AJYJ!EGC
:8D4(\C
QU0=)(9=T\SNJ5+#I


IG?1P3B
M9L$


MS%0*+#-;5.

M5DR^H ^?] 

TL4!2Q19G2#B.;H0)&.F/3(7 6)O6(YR_XF*9I<O-)C\E
M^T($X=-


Q45M O-94O[LG%?
ME0@._A5P0WH:XJ@##5L=G_<ZCK S]2UTNU56?9Q),KP58Y![, /IZZ.#IR



M$BP2*]$#+-;
HM\#M)YSS+MT.!N9$PUI=X8;Y@ZF+[?R R:V5E1ALB(9
H=Y
MS *

MD:MH\'W;CLR:/^&L6#-.P'K.8D/-I#[Q)T?5+1Z3]L/6S87@VVJ (1B)








MCAQ(Y1JX!U+6#K+OQ+&=R



%PQ.52-8S
MX.

M5!8E&WJ2O=R?=
L


=[[:!WABTVA;]YPDA<QG' D QUSR#%]Q?R=LWS.D8GX
MG4?G/(&;*

LD

MS/RQ1\T#//+H]84_KDN&VJAKISS)5[RKG.QYG!\H]2HA&CO#*F%KWHO]LXS@
MY

M]796
.C

)4ET5Q.C3F?
2\A-$O=
^ZV9/R

&$2_7Z4RT+L9PH]
MM_(AJ5=%N-'




MTY][;#910$6Q/BH;]%%G$S528PU933L.M V;


K^L=OF&KW=66
M;PAE@J?5]N/AN*=5N$?*'?N$3PE))G\!VVW'UM;@CK1[LQ&\H8HYQ+E#C#;B
M_/'E8


+BQ.8]ZN@
Z^/F

.L

M$WGMJT7D][AN;K-'7/!]$S8]_-^)E&\_TGW*T
[_AV0O:\ROUFV8E*O\)YIS



MY#-/2
-F*H'J\ZE*;


(W\TVSP

M5L8L


MM5*VTG%HI7SU)DZ* *QUO*TKJQWO/:CUBJR .*/BRH[A0KFU9R/)PEJV!$UZ

M2R38#'VIQ=VPNKH4+ &








Z%.A#UR=VJ$O1N14R-SO'X
M@H75N3K78&OH,_:4_#+93S0E6[(136ZS32X:#*<('RX30#ZL[P0P&&F%!<J
M^VSR5ZU;1D6$&
W+E#
$F[-\K/N*25+P8UI90-P!Y
M'G67/HY3-_10W-(3&EU2&S7% XRV
(6NB2/0^+^[.0:;*'4KM!K50L=)+8NN

X*LBCI;@_RF^R+

'VKMRG
M#[_ZSAK?ZB9 =*L[]8;MJX''@P)[N@!P6%_%=]P:4 Q ;0(B
*19&'?U/0#7

(-\09M;POZ:' RGYLGA-


M]SZCQQP/I'H'S3A__ V6YAF5BD74\(A6V2#@


G4BXHUK=R%^@HQ&9A0552).P1
ME6G I X5'^ID5




#6_

M]W QKYD;*OJ\FE\[_[4LF
]X7B2:


M2E[
















/1RWN;U;W'Y]NEU:8LN
(5)@OI1DN2!()5;T1

M


J12@K^!P:E@AN/@))_RYIY0_U
&A7M\Y
M*W[.Z'.!\]?JD:CCJ60_


M)O4'VY:=0M%#XKMFAQ\;J\F*.ZIOJ



=+7L&4&0=5OK6T-6O7N(LQAY?I.H8X#_JV9!
ME&!)&R:


MC[FJ

MUSNZH3S/4Z^:3-R.:6.@(S+MWIMK*G$BH+:C)=HT/*!CS40TAV6L]H$+LQLP
U9QU645!1]H
ME:&&D[ [)=!1H)
4[!5PJN3UA%X\ 2]\2EL-ON!)[BE#8HUD]1WE!&%I?LL
M1C;(2_

=U .FN0KZW&3].-^Z%I$49/IBRJU4/ <V-;4M[10A5U


1I)D)S:0
MJR.N]J





M5!O

M!P 4    ;'-F+3(P
C Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6SMO7MSXSBR+_C_1NQWZ.W[=T_;



MTTTR+*8DSG_ZY:=)GL_^_NNOW[]__ULXHG&61$7./I#];9A
?V5__QT^^-/+
MI[\=L7^RGX[/?WD
TN'DEY.CD^.?_N^CX[\???K[I^/_YZ?_M_?X__WR^]
M1.
_WX*
_
2Z'&?_^+GTD8^W-/I;DHY_/3DZ^O3KLN#/4/+O'QG=*/W]T[+L



MB KR2(*

MZ0UY
W5@LVA=Q4W8:
GG3-WX/#/CM#X14P^4M6KJ!?T@(6CZ=11D&1NN_-^_
MD2B\2]+7(#)M&&P:J-=%MM1

M9Q]XH

[5V-NZ+-HK6G=!(7

-WCL-CR]-^QVZ7H?_\^L4C2:/YLB+:
MW*]_C8.+54D-'3)L@VT?6#S^T%?^\(:71@$[&#0(
1E^\UO?*V0N#3D?Q-L






YC[K?Y.\

W@0?

M&J.M^DBHVFBC!CWN653PX^Q]S#I*6*D7MND=)*Q[&3OKA7P'?#L:L3T5(WJC

M/UO.






C;MB+\\
+0;/)/G,0A=Z*#
MW_*.F-Y B6=GR7CG8@_]$K234)Y





M^?Q:'/[9





MBXXZ
YFJ^Z^07:LM



MT\N3SYTQBLAZKI!4+4O(K]O/-ST^Z=S



4M*)
M5 7#T]M37




R[X?+TFQ]6(TCG8
M2@6DY8&35MC\G&6N!^3K+7H;SI!6\I4ST0HKG[-HE5A\O5C'/U :)0F86V&Q





96EK\BDVRGSH&G3
M7
-S#W@ZC$.!-5:%3CA;W=T8F\!R^T.R$Y'3($AQF][-
JQ@L&MH'AGG2S

M9*J$XBF$&9)XR[!NDBG;]NF
)#N%@07D%= L(X651 W'4_@P9Z&R14M(ZOAD

MVKH@/040\RKWP??$D]Q=6N*4?



.(*E:Z;:^PA[.H#7RUQ9)F.YY=@!U&







:ZAET :LKVU(=5P9. @
M4G.]!E' +YG_





KV2E.QMK^=K5


M[&AA\!O;+0 G6 '9*JSZKP'$9V
6%%4--C
K6H:P)/V%YZHY26Y'D6^L
MDAZ8V
&.S5-[HC;C\Y6/#-.JLG@)O@*G6YAWR@(3!VDS46
]A&QB*W1KYFSD

_C*QD]_$[

+.4FHO5;E6N. \C/QD-^0M?R7#

M-[X:K,*,W=%1DFZ2,,Y#Y(]DCCA*U=\])^:;
5B*S[2/))$JXW6;ICZAY[


M;=1M1*'J\:'0
7OC;RMTS)%9V]V/N27@$=MHV_S^R($)A49UZI7Z;9#&['9
M+=.E &_\[B0JF)9;7$E:M@L(3_X:49_7!E0Z$W'_$JEJ%WU!#A!/FN[RL]!




M(!CDF=WDKFILC
*TYDE8L)@M

M6QU@I_=!M6$45'6 $^RG^7(Q&62JA.+II((DWC*LFV3*=K2ZY7*G
+ [,1A
MEI%B/53#\;1%1Q(J=U,B4Z[=RN7PD7CJT;6UFT 9\@.R1I1RF7O#N\@TFZ6





MS1CF@*MV?LE6:





V**1@[Q6 S[RA
B&NG(VV%LUJK8P1?GG3%W\ W:%_Y3W$G
M+ 8JC]F6;FF
'@KC$\\:+9!S;W- EG4%CD]+[MBLZ\K':RTA8\P=G. +[

?

85V &8*W#I3M(L;W27MTYM23F2^S46Q6N\ZJ!]);;TY_T

M9(Z6XU!$



J0G4@0U
:1G;JY
ML%KA;U**!

.U/])



MTIF(3[HQ^YJKXI3J 4?(]PP-ZH@


)P1GR%X
.7AA

[F+:0GF16[D
U?B@




/V


MRU\]VU;O8H!93(;C](.J29]/;:NBYP




LP?YJIQ[4I$
EAZE5M



#A=J<HKB



!R

Z#8(/F!28H#+64GV


M*7?


MFX/MG





7\Y5]_
MQ.=:AQE(70FX0?8JV8^=Q4B!0CWVE'5)NE=YG=#9##(Y_!;$863MG&N+ /


E=JA5XAX3[96M8@7S\'_-(TB&T.

2SZ#0

MR+\*?@/R7D6KK.H+QLY^@
V2&QL*_:EO%FYIV(
!]V#_*^B!0J\NC]P2SG@:
M_\


$#]XY='+_1VN@QG-@XC^FX2+OF]VVC6S;+VF@1-DMX(J
I0/:6]T=#&&
MUOH9VSHY/
[0+B6P7Z2OWTE:;Y-FR;81(36



M63-TU82E:'5*QL!R-;\*(G98(:\30O(O:5)PGWN;P6G;!

MBY.]#PS](D4[Y.XLSO_

IU2
'SPN]5$^!N0
M&
_;0-



8G
&ZRJ38FKB$_(!_IZ





M;A0$O3Z0_
+ O



M$;\K'GF?%0),@S98C&9@&5RP!8)...@XD?58(JO&&V/H'0O[G74;0!JR
[

E

.B#+E[*LM#R0@&66




MKBMM S:%J+MBTEIM6T0@(
N-F*H.
-DE$Z89BD*^77$[*N




M*.35%;

MKV:]M]BN1ZUQ?AA8\[RUNA8UTQ?=4@P^IQKI?V@6QDXXI?M?&NFA*V%*K9



M

V;!J6^1*\I91$$7DA9*A_^




MY^(MHL.O.8UH3DFV0F\*(:VI!M1@O]%QBAUM@T815;0K#R=5&*U6!W-EH G9

M3

ME4 RY=W0+
C8TO1(DI&&J/J;D$P$7=A!V_HOT(B2&Y;FQW5&EAE10$5TK1J
M(-HDE2T$KD@.5-=)^\T?*(QR0G1WYI+2@(FI#G.2/2N7'00%&)QMG5AYO_F
M6_
L7^81

MG*V1GHVXM;@4N5*0?)/LLWIKIV#79H -9+NT@]!V9^S*B!7R[XJAB@?#(_\J
M&+#;=[OI7%'CV\79YW/TH%&NP1QU0!22[8IM20+/'






MDB3
5AFJ052HB;/QU=-5KZ?Z0T)S?)=[U?U79A8*


M=FU1EB)0R+ K[QMW


NH#DN3I-XSR50;^.K* :\*
(4B=








^G%8XX7[+BW'\.HX(.)7^9]IU&D]35U:PIX

M!T61M_/M_/SH##LUDB\]


6YO9=8[G8CO=)RV@C6:!8:[




H1@!N']*G7GG5'-8QDO0JR)/A:#PEC;8'LN#4)

KBK=S/X8B
M/K!_-:F(&^T#Y=ANR2U01#DK*M]&:TV\!$V


\F5'1SE)

MQ+X]YG0



=L69PMR




MF@(:6W
M6$%;*B

L$
AUE$31YR^'@3N
W+2
M:FY\%/[K(M)4]EI
IT'*-FF+R$G%VS_)



MA*0#\HCNANVDNA*P@NP#Y6$+:8&PV^_Q3#']Y;\U3@YUF@5FD?VA+ 0OUQ@O

M));@ZRC(

:Z@B3L=_ZV
M@G16@RV




M4


LOX_Y



MLHB.*5/-WG8%/@D=!WKJQZ8YFA&J!%.H^Y2$-B*[.%IA!D\[85J2!Y=IF8



A *<3<L73@


M#F7W1@1WV.$0_&W:K* JU

MK'O9'_$4=?F\/V(]8:M9MKQ2YX^B5T92'JGK:CZ8$'C#HE@N:K8*A'70F.03


V3X9\+JYQF%FKRLR?#NYX]DJ.0GGW9A@USG4E -?!C.8\G@3#
MP4?H&^4C]#[+H:_2+
BB/-!\DC2




'&QXRE
M!^8Q?KD#?4IRDK$CH2G*F:0XT(%LTC&)2G^7*X73Q= Y0/%808$O#P]Q9X(




M9FG79H 1[-PY3D*N!=-31$/@G\-HB=+XP:@^0V&$Z6J!0RUM0 G-AI;9S%
M:8/(4P1 W^X

M:++EV38A

MILG&GFA1&WA-BZZR--1(R1(VV5X9#-ADLY7_=6;IZ2% 1BR[XF+ 3F*3TP






M[T%4D/5C)YTIP*4=&%W8@4L=!*TX\%?? 7#O?3&0/(CZH[HXU'[F*@9TE&
MPOY(HS#6;0!Q+7BV4$]9W/%ZNIX(R8C&XK#]I:!A$ ])*RP *P\^:=%2P0Y:

.






M BY_J4OC(9WQYSU/Y,???1.WEDK$]


;6P1E;
M'



MN
HB[ZROY(:\DR@1



M.B2QK8C-%6$%0@ZBY%?
#J!;^
8A2_/2=

)












'%];83'=)$88^_F$P;X<K<IHSW&.





AY#&4


M$+()TUY&&@!8T?T];\YZ13Y)4FI
I2.O(-C D;O=?DSX,/*&=4M(T+HJH*
M







M0


+%4?WQYZ57.O\Z
MCU_@H

@


M
KDQ_CRY8


T+GIPR5IH[&OR:D.\QHJVD6Y.GCL&ZSL0'H=#XF]MC)#_7[BFSFC]/
M/M.PN;V-NZK
BT6+GY(;5^:=;X$P$)U NZ7

MOI

M\? V





2$O!:G^#



YGQ

!$

WD


M=PSY8$+XE6=_Q W1L6Z/[J=SJ($CI$TG[ B7+F#6#__UF\8$
T.)E%N2M^




?EZF]J\ +DY29QH*@AR

MNY'\W8G;#


M%S)
QC']MS8I2&/?!

MQH:E3PXA;
+_8Y)

[DV Y1@^XHWI3BU&%$H2:=LZ(WM-&#DL;&U
M^!4OIWO?O]^.?#L_.[N\1+;N=G
2ZZ%YPBFR6L\GZ01]LAGI%/DE2
MP[&IP:^










SX?
M!?&0'7PM'@MH_1DJM@G


G






M5T*K0H]*W.ZIO^*:!@MLM9]6C\D&19/UYO*NR68EE- -Z5&UU74 II8MKL

MD]S25TQ7[=OYV='IYZ[L*IP0*23?*6O=(A3# F\_%6AO/T@ZI!GLAU=_S!9_




'NR)DMO%)83W(!.F7JO


Z1L)KXK\:TQ59_K*;0$09)N/
?.8^<!I<?#$\D9R?!9$JX



MKFZFV4U]^-$-KI^/D


[0& W
M=RW5@'K*D(OKNQ85.7VWB^RY6QBH0#:?592Y!@UJLMQ&IP !FH0NL7X=6P(2

7'&XZ=$

B6*]
 %V4!@$)FEG6@ZEY8M4S8')\QU[RF%O?/2W







I5+7\4WHM23T_)M&0L^_ 4RD\UX=

MS@KD$B(EV2





'+FYDF?#)


=ZE[9&]11
V8\ENHSKD[DRL(2=$-@H0X7L

M7WU[(.
@NHUSJC2#24H!X 

MD7;;UUL!/UOQFR!.'H.8CDB6)[\SY 4C]/EMJ-UZZRL!4J2K/R7MN[ME2Q2^

HI3U64O]F[
MP

RNG29X E^V
M 9^0I9UE:4]1#&&+FH 9V=!@+9C=

*J2^/-9Q_:&SG*D^(^TZR/AU$/\/SSGTSL9&

@T9ANGL?@&



3UE!6%) CWPI:
MB693JD8\K7*(=9$D#\B]/$IH0QHJRP



NXI4L_@+:+
M 1@D-Y6JPEP/(EE$KD=4)G
S8O0R)?K51D10$48HSK*I+1 L%R\I-*YX7D
M11IG(@U5)F+2:6D*@[@$$-;5Y&2$8PO)[VV1&;QD0GH^*)[!VX7:*@^? W(
MW$=H&/L=^TV@K


M










M.#_*XID.+GQ7)


\B


M             ( !     &QS9BTR
#(P
3(S


C R
#$R



C R
#$R


